Post-Quantum Secure and Dynamic Load-Balanced
Encryption for IIoT Data in Fog Computing
Phinnawat Yaemsanguan, Rangsimann Sattayarom,
Ratchanon Wongwitutai, Napha Mongkolwittayakul, Somchart Fugkeaw
Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology, Thammasat University, Thailand
6622770764@g.siit.tu.ac.th, 6622771747@g.siit.tu.ac.th, 6622780268@g.siit.tu.ac.th, 6622782330@g.siit.tu.ac.th
Abstract—Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) systems gen-
erate high-volume data streams that increase device-to-cloud
latency and impose heavy pressure on network and cloud in-
frastructures. Fog computing addresses this challenge by moving
computation and data processing closer to the network edge.
However, conventional secure fog-assisted IIoT frameworks often
focus mainly on encryption while overlooking the computational
overhead introduced by post-quantum cryptography and the
heterogeneous resource constraints of fog nodes. These challenges
become more significant in practical deployments, where fog
nodes differ in CPU capability, memory capacity, and network
conditions, causing static load-sharing mechanisms to perform
poorly under bursty traffic.
In this work, a post-quantum fog-assisted security architecture
for IIoT is proposed. The system integrates PUF-based device
authentication, Kyber-based post-quantum key establishment
during the setup phase, and ChaCha20-Poly1305 for lightweight
authenticated protection of IIoT data streams. Multiple protected
data streams generated by IIoT devices are collected and ag-
gregated at the edge layer, where a group-based authentication
mechanism is applied to reduce repeated authentication overhead
before forwarding the validated batch to the fog layer. To
support fine-grained access control under resource-constrained
fog environments, a split-phase lattice-based CP-ABE mechanism
is adopted, in which sensitive cryptographic operations are
executed within Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) while
complementary processing is handled outside the enclave. After
secure aggregation, the fog layer re-encrypts the protected batch
using AES for subsequent storage and controlled access. In
addition, a dynamic load-balancing mechanism coordinated by
a Master Fog Node assigns security-related tasks to heteroge-
neous fog nodes according to real-time resource availability. The
proposed design aims to improve secure data handling efficiency
while maintaining post-quantum protection and scalable fog-layer
processing for IIoT environments.
Index Terms—Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), Fog Com-
puting, Post-Quantum Cryptography (PQC), Lattice-Based CP-
ABE, Dynamic Load Balancing, Trusted Execution Environment
(TEE), Physical Unclonable Function (PUF), Fine-Grained Access
Control.
I. INTRODUCTION
Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) environments consist
of large numbers of sensors, machines, and controllers that
continuously generate data at high volume and velocity. As in-
dustrial systems scale, the amount of streaming data increases
significantly, placing heavy pressure on communication net-
works and centralized cloud infrastructures. Transmitting raw
IIoT data directly to the cloud often leads to bandwidth
congestion, increased latency, and inefficient use of network
and computing resources. Fog computing addresses these
limitations by relocating computation and storage resources
closer to IIoT devices, thereby reducing communication delay
and network load.
However, ensuring secure and efficient data handling in
fog-assisted IIoT environments remains a major challenge.
Many existing approaches focus primarily on data encryption
while giving limited attention to the computational overhead
of cryptographic protection, especially in high-volume and
real-time industrial settings. In practice, IIoT data streams
must be authenticated, protected, aggregated, and forwarded
across multiple layers under strict latency constraints. Treating
all tasks uniformly can introduce unnecessary overhead and
reduce system efficiency, particularly when heterogeneous
processing resources are involved.
These challenges become more critical in the post-quantum
era. Post-quantum cryptographic mechanisms generally in-
cur higher computational and communication overhead than
conventional public-key schemes, making their direct deploy-
ment difficult in large-scale IIoT systems. Moreover, im-
proper placement of post-quantum operations across the IIoT–
fog–cloud pipeline may increase end-to-end latency, reduce
throughput, and overload resource-constrained components.
Therefore, designing an efficient security workflow that de-
termines how authentication, key establishment, encryption,
and access control should be distributed across the edge, fog,
and cloud layers becomes an important research problem.
The problem is further complicated by the heterogeneous
nature of fog environments. Fog nodes often differ in pro-
cessing capability, memory capacity, and network conditions,
while Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) provide lim-
ited secure memory for sensitive cryptographic operations. In
practical deployments, each fog node can host multiple con-
current TEE instances (enclaves), enabling parallel execution
of security-sensitive workloads. However, this multi-enclave
capability introduces additional challenges in enclave memory
management, workload isolation, and scheduling efficiency,
particularly under dynamic and high-throughput IIoT condi-
tions. As a result, improper workload placement may lead to
enclave contention, EPC memory pressure, and performance
degradation, making TEEs a potential throughput bottleneck
despite their strong security guarantees. Consequently, effi-
cient workload management must operate at multiple levels,
including inter-node load balancing across heterogeneous fog
nodes and intra-node scheduling between TEE and REE exe-
cution environments. This necessitates an intelligent, enclave-
aware scheduling mechanism capable of jointly optimizing
performance, security, and resource utilization under dynamic
system conditions. In many current deployments, workload
distribution is still handled using static load balancing or fixed
routing strategies, such as threshold-based offloading or pre-
determined forwarding rules. These approaches cannot adapt
effectively to bursty traffic, changing network conditions, or
diverse fog-node capabilities. As a result, computationally in-
tensive security tasks may be assigned to unsuitable fog nodes,
creating bottlenecks, queue buildup, and service degradation.
To address these challenges, this work proposes a post-
quantum fog-assisted security architecture for IIoT envi-
ronments. The proposed system integrates PUF-based de-
vice authentication, Kyber-based post-quantum key establish-
ment during the setup phase, and ChaCha20-Poly1305 for
lightweight authenticated protection of IIoT data streams.
Multiple protected streams are collected and aggregated at the
edge layer, where a group-based authentication mechanism
is applied to reduce repeated verification overhead before
forwarding validated batches to the fog layer. To support
secure storage and fine-grained access control, the fog layer
re-encrypts aggregated protected data using AES and applies
a split-phase lattice-based CP-ABE mechanism, in which
sensitive cryptographic operations are executed within Trusted
Execution Environments while complementary processing is
handled outside the enclave. In addition, a dynamic load-
balancing mechanism coordinated by a Master Fog Node
assigns security-related workloads according to real-time re-
source availability. Through this design, the proposed system
aims to improve secure data handling efficiency while main-
taining low-latency processing and post-quantum resilience in
heterogeneous fog-assisted IIoT environments.
In summary, the main contributions of this work are as
follows:
1)End-to-End Post-Quantum Secure IIoT Architecture
We design a unified security architecture spanning de-
vice, gateway, and fog layers. At the device side, a
PUF-based hardware root of trust is combined with
CRYSTALS-Kyber to derive a session key for authen-
ticated encryption via ChaCha20-Poly1305. At the fog
layer, sensitive operations are protected within TEEs,
where secure decryption and aggregation are performed,
followed by a split-phase lattice-based CP-ABE encryp-
tion that confines key-dependent computations inside
enclaves while offloading policy expansion to the REE.
2)Secure and Efficient Micro-Batch IngestionWe in-
troduce a gateway-side validation and micro-batch for-
mation mechanism that filters malicious packets us-
ing lightweight authentication and constructs integrity-
protected batches with deterministic aggregation, en-
abling scalable and reliable ingestion of high-throughput
IIoT data streams.
3)Capability-Aware Fog OrchestrationWe propose a
dynamic Master Fog Node (MFN) selection mecha-
nism based on a capability-aware readiness metric that
captures real-time workload, enclave availability, and
cryptographic processing capacity. This enables robust
coordination of security-sensitive workloads in hetero-
geneous fog environments.
4)Spider: Hierarchical Multi-Enclave Load Balancing
We proposeSpider++, a novel two-level scheduling
framework that performs (i) inter-node load balanc-
ing across fog nodes and (ii) intra-node scheduling
across multiple parallel TEE enclaves. By incorporating
enclave-level metrics such as queue state and EPC
constraints, Spider++ enables parallel secure processing,
mitigates enclave contention, and significantly improves
throughput compared to conventional load balancing
schemes.
II. RELATEDWORK
A. Fog-Assisted IIoT Security and TEE-Based Execution
Fog computing has emerged as a key paradigm for enabling
low-latency processing and distributed security services in
Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) systems. By bringing
computation closer to end devices, fog nodes reduce com-
munication overhead and improve responsiveness. However,
ensuring secure authentication, fine-grained access control,
and protected execution in distributed environments remains
challenging.
Lightweight authentication in fog-assisted IIoT is com-
monly achieved using Physical Unclonable Function (PUF)-
based mechanisms. For instance, [1], [2] propose PUF-based
authentication schemes that support group authentication and
efficient device verification with reduced computational over-
head. While these approaches improve scalability and elimi-
nate heavy key storage, they primarily focus on authentication
and message integrity, without addressing fine-grained multi-
user data sharing and access control.
To enable secure data sharing, Ciphertext-Policy Attribute-
Based Encryption (CP-ABE) has been widely adopted. Works
such as [3], [5] provide fine-grained access control and revo-
cation in fog-assisted cloud environments, while [4] further
introduces a lattice-based quantum-resistant CP-ABE scheme
for IoT systems. Although these solutions strengthen confi-
dentiality and access control, they operate independently of
lightweight authentication mechanisms and do not consider
hardware-assisted secure execution.
To protect sensitive computation, Trusted Execution En-
vironments (TEEs) have been investigated at the edge and
fog layers. Paper [6] identifies SGX-related limitations, in-
cluding performance overhead, restricted enclave memory,
and I/O security issues, while [7] shows that practical TEE
implementations remain vulnerable to software, architectural,
side-channel, and microarchitectural attacks. More broadly,
fog-security frameworks [8]–[10] address trust-based secure
computing, lightweight authentication and key management,
and risk-aware access control, but none of them jointly inte-
grate lightweight authentication, post-quantum access control,
and TEE-assisted secure processing into a unified framework.
TABLE I
COMPREHENSIVEFEATURECOMPARISON OFRELATEDWORKS ANDPQ-SPIDER
Scheme PUF PQC Fine-Grained AC Revocation TEE Support Fog/Edge Load Balancing
[4]×✓ ✓ ✓×✓×
[5]× ×✓ ✓×✓×
[22]× × × × ×✓ ✓
[34]×✓× ×✓× ×
[35]×✓× × × ×✓
[36]×✓× × × × ×
[37]× × × × ×✓ ✓
[39]× × × × ×✓ ✓
[40]× × × × ×✓ ✓
PQ-SPIDER (Ours)✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Therefore, a gap remains for a unified fog-assisted IIoT
framework that combines lightweight authentication, post-
quantum fine-grained access control, and TEE-assisted secure
processing.
B. Post-Quantum Cryptography for IIoT Systems
The rapid development of quantum computing threatens
conventional public-key cryptographic schemes such as RSA
and ECC, motivating the adoption of post-quantum cryptog-
raphy (PQC). Among the major PQC families, lattice-based
cryptography has gained significant attention because of its
strong security foundation and computational efficiency.
CRYSTALS-Kyber and CRYSTALS-Dilithium have
emerged as leading lattice-based candidates for key
encapsulation and digital signatures, respectively. Prior
studies [12], [13] demonstrate their practicality in IIoT and
network-stack settings while also highlighting performance
trade-offs. In particular, [12] integrates lattice-based ML-KEM
and ML-DSA into TLS 1.3 and X.509 for IIoT systems, while
[13] benchmarks Dilithium/Kyber and Falcon/Kyber stacks,
showing trade-offs in execution cost, workload distribution,
and bandwidth.
For resource-constrained environments, [14], [15] further
examine the deployment of PQC in IoT and IIoT set-
tings. In particular, [14] adapts CRYSTALS-Kyber to wireless
and device-to-device communication for constrained devices,
whereas [15] evaluates PQC algorithms in IIoT scenarios in
terms of execution time and energy consumption, showing
that most PQ KEMs are competitive with classical curves and
that hybrid PQC-classical combinations introduce only limited
additional overhead.
To strengthen hardware-level protection, [16] combines Ky-
ber with PUF and TRNG mechanisms to reduce reliance on
stored secrets and improve physical security. Complementary
hardware-rooted works such as [17] also show that PUF-based
authentication can strengthen resistance to impersonation and
physical attacks in IoT settings, although they are not them-
selves full PQC deployment frameworks.
Broader studies such as [18], [19] discuss hybrid quantum-
resistant architectures and PQC adoption in wider networked
and edge-fog environments. These works emphasize issues
such as crypto-agility, scalability, interoperability, and deploy-
ment complexity when integrating post-quantum protection
into practical communication systems.
Despite these advances, existing studies mainly focus on
standalone PQC deployment, protocol benchmarking, or au-
thentication enhancement. The integration of Kyber/Dilithium-
based protection into fog-assisted IIoT architectures, particu-
larly in combination with hardware-bound authentication, fine-
grained access control, and secure execution, still remains
limited. This gap motivates the need for a more integrated
fog-assisted PQC framework.
C. Load Balancing in Heterogeneous Fog Environments
Efficient load balancing is critical in fog-assisted IIoT
systems because fog nodes are inherently heterogeneous in
computational capability, latency, and energy profile. To im-
prove system performance under such conditions, dynamic
scheduling strategies have been widely adopted. Prior works
such as [22] dynamically allocate workloads based on sys-
tem conditions, while [24], [25] consider latency, energy
consumption, and broader fog-cloud resource factors. Multi-
objective optimization approaches such as [26] further attempt
to balance performance metrics including delay, cost, and
energy consumption.
More recent studies have explored the interaction between
load balancing and security. For example, [27] incorporates
energy-aware scheduling near industrial devices, while [28]
introduces secure and energy-aware load balancing in an
SDN-enabled fog environment. In addition, [29], [30] show
that trusted execution environments such as TrustZone or
TEE introduce non-negligible overhead. In particular, [29]
shows that REE–TEE interaction and secure task execu-
tion increase runtime and energy cost, while [30] explicitly
highlights cryptographic-operation overhead and the single-
processor monopoly of TrustZone, both of which directly
affect scheduling decisions.
Table I presents a feature-level comparison of existing
approaches in fog-assisted IIoT environments. Prior works
address important aspects such as fine-grained access control
and revocation in [4], [5], and dynamic load balancing in
fog systems in [22], [37], [39], [40]. In particular, the CP-
ABE-based schemes in [4], [5] provide fine-grained access
control and revocation capabilities, with [4] further supporting
Fig. 1. Spider-Enabled Fog Computing Architecture for Secure IIoT Data Processing
a quantum-resistant construction. However, these security-
focused schemes do not consider the interaction between
access control mechanisms and runtime resource scheduling
in fog-assisted settings. Conversely, existing fog-based load
balancing approaches [22], [37], [39], [40] demonstrate the
effectiveness of dynamic task allocation in improving system
performance, but they generally focus on latency, energy con-
sumption, or workload distribution under conventional security
assumptions. As a result, they do not explicitly account for
the additional computational overhead introduced by post-
quantum cryptography or hardware-assisted secure execution
environments.
Overall, existing works provide valuable foundations in
authentication, access control, and load balancing, but they still
leave open challenges in understanding how security mech-
anisms, particularly lightweight authentication, post-quantum
protection, and TEE-assisted secure processing, interact with
adaptive load balancing in heterogeneous fog environments.
This gap motivates the need for a framework that jointly
considers security overhead and runtime scheduling efficiency
in fog-assisted IIoT systems.
III. OURPROPOSEDSYSTEM
This section presents the proposed post-quantum fog-
assisted security architecture for the Industrial Internet of
Things (IIoT), enhanced with a novel Spider-based intelligent
load balancing mechanism.
A. System Model
As illustrated in Fig. 1, the proposed system adopts a layered
architecture consisting of four layers:Edge Layer,Fog Layer,
Cloud Layer, andSecure Layer. A key feature of the design is
the integration of theSpider Schedulerwithin the fog layer,
enabling security-aware, capability-aware, andhierarchical
enclave-awareworkload orchestration across distributed fog
resources.
1) Layered Architecture Overview:
•Edge Layer:Data generation, device authentication, and
initial aggregation.
•Fog Layer:Secure processing and Spider-based work-
load scheduling.
•Cloud Layer:Storage of encrypted IIoT data and meta-
data.
•Secure Layer:Key management and access control via
the Attribute Authority.
2) System Entities and Spider Integration:The system
consists of the following components:
1)Attribute Authority (AA)initializes the lattice-based
CP-ABE scheme, issues attribute keys, and defines ac-
cess policies.
2)IIoT Devicesare resource-constrained nodes equipped
with PUFs for hardware-rooted identity. They perform
lightweight authenticated encryption before transmis-
sion.
3)Edge Gateway (GW)authenticates devices via CRP
validation, verifies packet integrity, and aggregates pack-
ets into batches
Bk ={p 1, . . . , pn}
which are forwarded to the fog layer.
4)CRP Database Serverstores challenge-response pairs
for PUF-based authentication.
5)Master Fog Node (MFN) with Spider Controller
orchestrates scheduling via theSpider Scheduler, which
performs multi-factor routing based on queue state, EPC
availability, latency, workload intensity, node capability,
and trust condition. The engine includes batch profiling,
state monitoring, score computation, node selection, and
secure delegation.
6)Fog Nodes (FN)are TEE-enabled servers hosting mul-
tiple enclaves
Fj ={E j,k}mj
k=1
Each enclave operates independently with local state
(queue, service rate, EPC).
Fog nodes follow adual execution model:
•TEE:Secure operations (key handling, aggregation,
partial CP-ABE).
•REE:Non-sensitive tasks (policy expansion, for-
matting).
Spider performshierarchical scheduling:
•Inter-node (across fog nodes),
•Intra-node (across enclaves).
A bounded resource model ensures stable operation
under EPC constraints.
7)Spider-Based Secure Delegationsupports workload
migration using post-quantum encapsulation (e.g., Ky-
ber) to protect intermediate states.
8)Cloud Storageis honest-but-curious and stores only
encrypted data.
9)Authorized Users (AUs)decrypt data if their attributes
satisfy CP-ABE policies.
B. Threat Model
We consider a strong PPT adversary with full control over
public communication channels in the IIoT environment, tar-
geting devices, networks, fog infrastructure, and cloud storage.
Adversary Capabilities.The adversary can observe, inject,
modify, replay, and delay messages, and may compromise
components outside trusted execution boundaries.
•Device Attacks:Impersonation, data forgery, and replay
of captured transmissions.
•Network Adversary:Full control of communication
links, enabling eavesdropping, modification, replay, delay,
and DoS attacks.
•Compromised Fog (REE):The REE may be fully
compromised, allowing memory inspection and execution
manipulation, while TEE preserves enclave confidential-
ity and integrity.
•Faulty/Malicious Fog Nodes:Nodes may produce in-
correct results or delays due to faults or overload; Spider
mitigates this via trust- and capability-aware scheduling.
TABLE II
CORE NOTATION USED INSECTIONIII
Symbol Description
λSecurity parameter.
P P, M SKPublic parameters and master secret key (CP-ABE).
SKu Secret key of useru.
Attru Attribute set of useru.
ID i Identifier of devicei.
Bk Micro-batch generated at gateway.
Pvalid Set of validated packets.
CTi, T agi Authenticated ciphertext and tag.
KAES Symmetric encryption key.
CTL-ABE Final CP-ABE ciphertext.
QT EE
j , QREE
j TEE/REE queue lengths at nodeF j.
µT EE
j , µREE
j TEE/REE service rates.
Twait(Fj)Estimated waiting time.
ρepc(Fj)EPC memory penalty.
AAccess policy.
σPost-quantum signature.
ΩFinal data uploaded to cloud.
•Scheduler Attacks:Injection of false node metrics or
workload manipulation to disrupt scheduling decisions.
•TEE Side-Channel Attacks:Leakage via timing or
memory access patterns; partially mitigated but not elim-
inated.
•Unauthorized Access:Adversaries attempt to bypass
CP-ABE policies to access encrypted cloud data.
•Data Integrity Attacks:Tampering with ciphertext,
metadata, or intermediate results.
•Quantum Adversary:Capable of breaking classical
cryptography; security relies on post-quantum assump-
tions.
C. System Process
The proposed scheme operates through seven phases: sys-
tem initialization, hardware-bound IIoT encryption, gateway
validation and micro-batch formation, capability-aware leader
election, dynamic load balancing, TEE-assisted split-phase
CP-ABE processing, and authorized user decryption.
Phase I: System Initialization:The Attribute Authority
(AA) initializes the lattice-based CP-ABE system by gener-
ating public parameters and master secret keys. To preserve
semantic privacy against untrusted host environments, the AA
defines a universe of attributesΩand a collision-resistant
hash functionH:{0,1} ∗ →Z q. For each semantic attribute
attrj ∈Ω, the AA computes a deterministic identifier:
ID j =H(attr j)(1)
The AA executes lattice trapdoor generation to produce the
Master Public Key (M P K) and Master Secret Key (M SK),
binding public parameter matrices to the hashed identifiers:
(M P K, M SK)←Setup(1 λ,{ID j}n
j=1)(2)
To eliminate repeated policy expansion overhead, the access
structure is precomputed during system initialization. Specifi-
cally, the policy treeT IDis transformed into its Linear Secret
Sharing Scheme (LSSS) representation and cached for reuse.
(M, ρID)←PolicyTreeGen(T ID)(3)
Cpolicy(T ID) = (M, ρ ID)(4)
Authorized users are issued attribute-linked secret keys:
SKu ←KeyGen(M SK,{ID j}j∈Attru)(5)
Gateway Initialization.The gateway generate a
CRYSTALS-Kyber key pair as follow:
(pkGW , skGW )←KeyGen Kyber (1λ)(6)
wherepk GW denotes the public key,sk GW denotes the
corresponding secret key,1 λ represents the security parameter
of lengthλ, andKeyGen Kyber is the key generation algorithm
of the CRYSTALS-Kyber scheme.
The IIoT device derive a secret key and cipherkey using
post-quantum key encapsulation every:
(cgkem,i, kgkem,i)←Encap Kyber (pkGW )(7)
Fog Node Initialization.Each fog node initializes its
post-quantum communication capability by generating a
CRYSTALS-Kyber key pair:
(pkF N, skF N)←KeyGen Kyber (1λ)(8)
The public keypk F N is distributed to registered IIoT devices
for secure key establishment.
Kyber Precomputation.To accelerate lattice-based opera-
tions, each fog node precomputes the expanded public matrix
and its Number Theoretic Transform (NTT) representation.
This enables efficient polynomial operations during encapsu-
lation and decapsulation.
A←ExpandA(seed F N)(9)
ˆA=NTT(A)(10)
CKyber (Fj) = ˆA(11)
To support hierarchical scheduling in Spider++, each fog node
instantiates a set of enclaves:
Fj ={E j,k |k= 1, . . . , m j}(12)
and initializes local telemetry monitors to track enclave-level
states, including queue length, service rate, and EPC availabil-
ity. These metrics are periodically reported to the Master Fog
Node (MFN) to enable global scheduling decisions.
Policy Preparation.IIoT devices (or associated gateways)
pre-compute hashed attribute identifiers and construct the
access policy treeT ID using{ID j}, ensuring that no semantic
attribute information is exposed during encryption and evalu-
ation.
Phase II: Hardware-Bound IIoT Encryption:When de-
viceID i senses datam i, it first derives a hardware-bound
secret using a Physical Unclonable Function (PUF). A noisy
response is obtained and reconstructed into a stable secret via
a fuzzy extractor:
Rnoisy,i ←f P U F(Ci)(13)
Rsecret,i ←FuzzyRep(R noisy,i, HDi)(14)
The device then performs post-quantum key encapsulation
to the fog node public key:
(ckem,i, kkem,i)←Encap Kyber (pkF N)(15)
A device-bound session key is derived as:
KS,i =KDF(H(k kem,i)∥R secret,i ∥ID i ∥t i ∥ctr i)(16)
The associated authenticated data (AAD) is constructed as:
AADi =ID i ∥t i ∥ctr i (17)
The sensed data is encrypted using ChaCha20-Poly1305:
(CT i, T agi)←ChaCha20-Poly1305.Enc(K S,i, Ni, mi, AADi)
(18)
To enable gateway-side packet authentication and early
filtering, the device computes a message authentication code
usingkg kem,i:
Authi ←MAC kgkem,i(ID i ∥M etadata∥c kem,i ∥CT i ∥T ag i ∥t i)
(19)
Finally, the device transmits the packet to the gateway:
Pi ={ID i, M etadata, ckem,i, cgkem,i, CTi, Ni, AADi, T agi, Authi}
(20)
Phase III: Gateway Validation and Micro-Batch Forma-
tion:Upon receiving packets from IIoT devices, the gateway
performs authentication and integrity verification to filter out
invalid or malicious inputs before forwarding data to the fog
layer.
For each received packetP i, the gateway recomputes the
message authentication code using the derived kyber key:
kgkem,i ←Decap Kyber (cgkem,i)(21)
Auth′
i ←MAC kgkem,i(ID i ∥M etadata∥c kem,i ∥CT i ∥T ag i ∥t i)
(22)
The packet is accepted only ifAuth ′
i =Auth i. Otherwise,
it is discarded. This ensures that only packets originating from
legitimate devices with valid session keys are admitted into the
system.
All validated packets collected within a fixed time window
twindow are grouped into a micro-batch. LetP valid denote the
set of validated packets. To ensure batch-level integrity and
prevent tampering, the gateway computes a group authentica-
tion tag:
GT ag←H(Sort(Auth i |P i ∈ P valid)∥t G)(23)
Algorithm 1Gateway Validation and Micro-Batch Formation
Require:Incoming packet stream during epocht window
Ensure:Validated micro-batchB k
1:P valid ← ∅
2:M ← ∅
3:for allreceived packetsP i do
4:Compute:
5:kg kem,i ←Decap Kyber (cgkem,i)
6:Auth ′
i ←MAC kgkem,i
 
ID i ∥M etadata∥c kem,i ∥
CT i ∥T ag i ∥t i
!
7:ifAuth ′
i =Auth i then
8:P valid ← P valid ∪ {Pi}
9:M ← M ∪ {Auth i}
10:else
11:DiscardP i
12:end if
13:end for
14:ifP valid =∅then
15:return∅
16:end if
17:t G ←GatewayTimestamp()
18:Compute: [GT ag←H(Sort(M)∥t G)]
19:B k ←BID,P valid, GT ag, tG
20:returnB k
whereSort(·)enforces deterministic ordering andt G is the
gateway timestamp.
The micro-batch is then constructed as:
Bk =BID,P valid, GT ag, tG (24)
The validated batchB k is forwarded to the Master Fog Node
(MFN) for scheduling under Spider.
Remark:Under the hierarchical scheduling model intro-
duced in Phase IV , the batchB k may be processed as a whole
or decomposed into sub-batchesB (1)
k , . . . , B(r)
k to enable
enclave-parallel execution.
The complete validation and micro-batch formation proce-
dure is summarized in Algorithm 1.
Phase IV: Spider Hierarchical Enclave-Oriented Load
Balancing:This phase presentsSpider(Secure Priority-
Aware Intelligent Dual-Level Enclave Routing), a hierar-
chical scheduling framework that performssecurity-aware,
capability-aware, andenclave-parallelworkload orchestration
in the fog layer.
Unlike conventional load balancing approaches that treat
each fog node as a single execution unit, Spider++ explicitly
models multiple TEEs (enclaves) within each fog node and
performs two-level scheduling: (i)inter-node routingacross
fog nodes, and (ii)intra-node enclave allocationwithin each
fog node.
This design enables fine-grained resource utilization, re-
duces EPC contention, and supports parallel execution of
cryptographic workloads.
1) Hierarchical Resource Model:Each fog node is modeled
as a set of enclaves:
Fj =E j,k |k= 1, . . . , m j (25)
Each enclave maintains an independent state:
Ψ(Ej,k) =q j,k, µj,k, M f ree
j,k , ρj,k (26)
whereq j,k denotes the queue length,µ j,k is the service rate,
M f ree ∗j, krepresents available EPC memory, andρ∗j, k
captures runtime contention (e.g., cache or EPC pressure).
2) Batch Profiling:Upon receiving a validated batchB k,
the Master Fog Node (MFN) constructs a workload profile:
Φ(Bk) =S k, ωk, ηk, δk (27)
where:S k =|B k|is batch size,ω k is cryptographic
workload intensity,η k is security urgency,δ k is deadline
sensitivity.
The workload intensity is estimated as:
ωk =β 1Sk +β2 ·AttrCount(B k)+β 3 ·PolicyDepth(B k)(28)
The urgency score is:
ηk =γ 1 ·RiskScore(B k) +γ 2 ·AnomalyFlag(B k)(29)
Deadline sensitivity is:
δk = 1
Dk −t now +ϵ (30)
The enclave memory requirementM req
k is derived fromω k
via an offline-calibrated model.
3) Fog Node State Model:Each fog node periodically
reports:
Ψ(Fj) =Q T EE
j , QREE
j , µT EE
j , µREE
j , Lj, Ej, Cj, Uj (31)
whereQ T EE
j , QREE
j denote queue lengths,µ T EE
j and
µREE
j denote service rates,L j is network latency,E j is
normalized EPC availability,C j is capability score, andU j
is trust-health score.
Level 1: Inter-Node Scheduling:The MFN selects the
optimal fog node for batchB k by computing and minimizing
a Spider score.
Waiting Time:
Twait(Fj) = QT EE
j + 1
µT EE
j
+ QREE
j + 1
µREE
j
(32)
EPC Pressure:
Pepc(Fj, Bk) =λ 1 max
 
0, M req
k
EjM total
j
−τ
!2
(33)
Capability Penalty:
Pcap(Fj, Bk) =λ 2 max(0, ωk −C j)(34)
Trust Penalty:
Ptrust(Fj) =λ 3(1−U j)(35)
Spider Score:
SpiderScore(Fj, Bk) =w1Twait(Fj) +w 2Lj +w 3Pepc
+w 4Pcap +w 5Ptrust
−w 6ηkUj −w 7δkµT EE
j
(36)
To further improve efficiency, Spider++ incorporates com-
putation reuse awareness into scheduling decisions. Fog nodes
that already cache relevant policy structures or cryptographic
components are prioritized, reducing redundant computation
and improving latency and energy efficiency.
Ipolicy(Fj, Bk) =
(
1,ifT ID k ∈ C policy(Fj)
0,otherwise (37)
Ikyber(Fj) =
(
1,ifC Kyber (Fj)exists
0,otherwise (38)
Rreuse(Fj, Bk) =θ 1Ipolicy(Fj, Bk) +θ 2Ikyber(Fj)(39)
SpiderScore′(Fj, Bk) =SpiderScore(F j, Bk)−w8Rreuse(Fj, Bk)
(40)
The indicator functionsI policy andI kyber capture whether
a fog node has cached the required policy structure or
precomputed cryptographic components. The reuse score
Rreuse quantifies the availability of reusable computation,
enabling the scheduler to prioritize nodes with lower expected
processing overhead.
Node Selection:
F ∗ = arg min
Fj ∈Ff easible
SpiderScore′(Fj, Bk)(41)
Level 2: Intra-Node Enclave Scheduling:After selecting
F ∗, Spider++ performs fine-grained enclave allocation.
Enclave Waiting Time:
Twait(Ej,k) = qj,k + 1
µj,k
(42)
Enclave EPC Pressure:
Pepc(Ej,k, Bk) =λ ′
1 max
 
0, M req
k
M f ree
j,k
−τ
!2
(43)
Contention Penalty:
Pcont(Ej,k) =λ ′
2ρj,k (44)
Affinity Score:
A(Ej,k, Bk) =
(
1,if similar workload was processed previously
0,otherwise
(45)
Enclave Score:
EnclaveScore(Ej,k, Bk) =z 1 Twait(Ej,k)
+z 2 Pepc(Ej,k, Bk)
+z 3 Pcont(Ej,k)
−z 4 A(Ej,k, Bk)
(46)
Enclave Selection:
E∗ = arg min
Ej,k∈F ∗
EnclaveScore(Ej,k, Bk)(47)
4) Parallel Batch Decomposition:To exploit enclave-level
parallelism and reduce end-to-end processing delay, the in-
coming batch is decomposed into multiple sub-batches:
Bk → {B (1)
k , . . . , B(r)
k }(48)
whererdenotes the degree of parallelism, adaptively deter-
mined by the number of feasible enclaves, their current queue
states, EPC availability, and the estimated workload intensity
ofB k. Each sub-batch is independently scheduled to a selected
enclave for concurrent execution. This decomposition allows
Spider++ to balance cryptographic workloads across multiple
TEEs, improve throughput, and mitigate enclave contention
caused by assigning the entire batch to a single secure execu-
tion unit.
Each sub-batch is independently scheduled:
E∗(i) = arg minEnclaveScore(Ej,k, B(i)
k )(49)
This reduces processing latency and enables concurrent
cryptographic operations.
5) Admission Control:A task is admitted only if:
M f ree
j,k ≥αM req
k (50)
6) Stability Control:To prevent oscillation:
∆Score≥ζ(51)
7) Secure Delegation:If no feasible node exists, Spider++
performs secure delegation:
Ξk =ID k, M etak, CT partial
k , Ak, Tk, σk (52)
Delegation uses post-quantum key encapsulation (Kyber),
ensuring confidentiality of intermediate states.
The scheduling complexity is:
O(|F |+
X
j
mj)(53)
where|F |is the number of fog nodes andm j is the number
of enclaves per node.
Spider transforms conventional fog scheduling into ahi-
erarchical enclave-oriented orchestration frameworkthat
jointly optimizes latency, security, and resource utilization. By
integrating multi-enclave parallelism, EPC-aware scheduling,
and trust-driven routing, the framework enables efficient and
secure execution of cryptographic workloads in large-scale
IIoT environments.
Phase V: Multi-Enclave TEE-Assisted Split-Phase CP-
ABE Processing:After receiving the validated batchB k, the
selected fog nodeF ∗ performs secure batch processing using
a two-level design: (i) enclave-parallel execution and (ii) split-
phase CP-ABE encryption.
Step 1: Batch Integrity Verification (REE):The fog node
verifies batch integrity by recomputing:
GT ag′ ←H(Sort(Auth i |P i ∈ P valid)∥t G)(54)
The batch is accepted only ifGT ag ′ =GT ag.
Algorithm 2Enclave-Parallel Processing at Fog Node
Require:BatchB k, enclave setE ∗
Ensure:(M agg , AADagg)
1:VerifyGT ag
2:ifinvalidthen return⊥
3:end if
4:PartitionB k →B (i)
k
5:for allB (i)
k in paralleldo
6:for allP ℓ ∈B (i)
k do
7:Decryptm ℓ
8:end for
9:AggregateM (i)
agg , AAD(i)
agg
10:end for
11:Merge all results
12:return(M agg , AADagg)
Step 2: Parallel Batch Decomposition:Based on Spider
scheduling (Phase IV), the batch is either processed as a whole
or decomposed:
Bk →B (1)
k , . . . , B(r)
k (55)
whereris determined by enclave availability and EPC
constraints. Each sub-batch is assigned to an enclaveE ∗(i).
Step 3: Enclave-Parallel Secure Processing (TEE):Each
enclave processes its assigned sub-batch independently:
mℓ ←ChaCha20-Poly1305.Dec(K S,ℓ, Nℓ, CTℓ, AADℓ, T agℓ)
(56)
Local aggregation:
M(i)
agg =m (i)
1 ∥ · · · ∥m (i)
si (57)
AAD(i)
agg =AAD (i)
1 ∥ · · · ∥AAD (i)
si (58)
After all enclaves finish:
Magg =r
i=1 M(i)
agg (59)
AADagg =r
i=1 AAD(i)
agg (60)
Insight:This design reduces decryption latency and avoids
EPC bottlenecks.
Step 4: Symmetric Encryption within TEE:After enclave-
parallel aggregation, the fog node protects the aggregated
plaintext before applying attribute-based encryption. A fresh
symmetric key is generated inside the enclave:
KAES ←0,1 256 (61)
The aggregated data is then encrypted using authenticated
encryption (AES-GCM):
(CT AES , T agAES)←AES-GCM.Enc(K AES , IV, Magg , AADagg)
(62)
This step ensures confidentiality and integrity of the aggre-
gated data, while enabling efficient hybrid encryption.
Step 5: Partial CP-ABE Encryption within TEE:To securely
encapsulate the symmetric key under an access policy, the
enclave initiates a lattice-based CP-ABE encryption process.
It samples secret and noise terms:
s,e 0,e base ←χ(63)
and constructs a secret-sharing vector:
v= (s, y 2, . . . , yn)⊤ (64)
The core ciphertext component is computed as:
CT0 =A ⊤s+e 0 ∗K AES
j q
2
k
(modq)(65)
To enable efficient offloading of policy expansion, the
enclave generates a blinded base vector:
Vbase =C base(T ID)·v+e base (66)
Base Vector Optimization.Since the matrix transpose is
independent of runtime randomness, it is precomputed and
cached per policy. This avoids repeated matrix transformations
during encryption.
Cbase(T ID) =A ⊤ (67)
Only non-sensitive intermediate values are exported to the
REE:
Ψout = (CT AES , T agAES , CT0,V base,T ID ,A)(68)
Remark:All sensitive values, includings,v,K AES , and
Magg, remain strictly inside the enclave and are erased after
execution.
Step 6: CP-ABE Completion in REE:The REE completes
the encryption by expanding the access policy. Instead of
recomputing the policy structure, it retrieves the precomputed
LSSS representation from cache:
(M, ρID)← C policy(T ID)(69)
For each rowi, the ciphertext components are computed as:
CT i =M i ·V base +A ⊤
ρID(i)ri +e 1,i (modq)(70)
The final CP-ABE ciphertext is constructed as:
CT L-ABE =

CT0,(M, ρ ID), CT ℓ
i=1

(71)
This split-phase design ensures that sensitive cryptographic
operations are confined within the TEE, while computationally
intensive matrix operations are efficiently handled by the REE.
Step 7: Signature and Upload:
σ←Sign Dilithium(skF N, H(BID∥CT AES ∥CT L-ABE))
(72)
Ω =BID, CT AES , T agAES , IV, CT L-ABE , σ(73)
Final Remark:Although execution is parallelized across
enclaves, the system outputs a single ciphertextΩ, ensuring
compatibility with standard CP-ABE decryption.
Phase VI: User Verification and Decryption:An au-
thorized user retrieves the encrypted packageΩfrom cloud
storage.
Step 1: Integrity and Authenticity Verification:The user first
verifies the integrity and origin of the data using the fog node’s
public key:
VerifyDilithium(pkF N, σ, H(BID∥CT AES ∥CT L-ABE))
(74)
If verification fails, the ciphertext is rejected.
Step 2: Policy Satisfaction Check:Let(M, ρ ID)be the
LSSS representation embedded inCT L-ABE. The user checks
whether their attribute setAttr u satisfies the access policy.
If satisfied, the user derives reconstruction weightsω i such
that: X
i∈I
ωiMi = (1,0, . . . ,0)(75)
Step 3: Ciphertext Share Evaluation:Using the attribute-
based secret keySK u, the user evaluates:
C ′
i ←Eval(CT i, SKu)≈M i ·V base +e eval,i (76)
Step 4: Secret Reconstruction:The user reconstructs the
blinded vector:
Crec =
X
i∈I
ωiC ′
i ≈A ⊤s+e total (77)
Step 5: Symmetric Key Recovery:The symmetric key is
recovered by:
KAES ←Decode(⌊CT 0 −C rec⌉2)(78)
Step 6: Final Decryption:The aggregated plaintext is
recovered as:
Magg ←AES-GCM.Dec(K AES , IV, CT AES , T agAES)
(79)
This ensures that only users whose attributes satisfy the
access policy can recover the underlying IIoT data.
IV. FAULTTOLERANCE: ENCLAVE-AWARE,
SECURITY-AWARE,ANDSTABILITY-AWARELEADER
ELECTION
To support hierarchical scheduling in Spider, we propose
anenclave-aware, security-aware, and stability-aware leader
election mechanismfor dynamically selecting the Master Fog
Node (MFN). Unlike conventional leader election approaches
that rely on coarse-grained resource metrics (e.g., CPU or
memory), the proposed mechanism explicitly incorporates
intra-node enclave dynamics, execution trustworthiness, and
temporal stability. This design is particularly critical in IIoT
environments, where workloads are both security-sensitive and
highly dynamic, and where each fog node hosts multiple
concurrent TEE enclaves with heterogeneous execution states.
Capability and Security-Aware Scoring
Each fog nodeF j computes a composite capability score:
Score(F j) =α 1Cj +α 2Mj −α 3Nj +α 4Rj +α 5Tj (80)
whereC j andM j denote available computational and
memory resources, respectively,N j represents network latency
to the gateway or peer nodes,R j captures system readiness
(defined below),T j denotes a trust score reflecting secure
execution behavior.
The trust componentT j is derived from runtime security
indicators such as enclave attestation success rate, absence
of abnormal execution patterns, and historical integrity ver-
ification outcomes. By integratingT j, the system ensures that
leadership is not assigned to nodes that, while resource-rich,
may exhibit suspicious or degraded behavior.
Enclave-Aware Node Readiness
To accurately reflect the internal state of fog nodes, readi-
ness is computed by incorporating both inter-node and intra-
node conditions:
Rj = 1−
 
β1 · 1
mj
mjX
k=1
Qj,k
Qmax
·β 2 ·ρ epc(Fj)
·β 3 · QREE
j
QREEmax
! (81)
where:Q j,k is the queue length of enclaveE j,k,m j is
the number of enclaves in nodeF j,ρ epc(Fj)captures EPC
memory pressure,Q REE
j represents backlog in the untrusted
execution environment
Unlike traditional node-level metrics, this formulation cap-
turesfine-grained load imbalance across enclaves, enabling
more accurate estimation of a node’s ability to coordinate
and process security-critical workloads. This is essential in
Spider++, where scheduling decisions are tightly coupled with
enclave availability and EPC constraints.
Stability-Aware Leader Selection
To prevent frequent leader oscillations under fluctuating
workloads, we introduce a stability-aware selection mecha-
nism:
M F N= arg max
Fj ∈Fcandidate
(Score(F j)−γ·∆Score(F j))
(82)
where∆Score(F j)captures short-term variations in node
capability. This penalty term discourages selecting nodes with
unstable performance, thereby ensuring continuity in control-
plane operations and reducing coordination overhead.
Candidate nodes are defined as:
Fj ∈ F candidate ifR j ≥τ(83)
ensuring that only sufficiently stable and lightly loaded
nodes participate in leader election.
Control-Plane Transition and Fault Tolerance
Once selected, the MFN transitions into a dedicated control-
plane role. It offloads its residual workloads to neighboring
fog nodes and coordinates global scheduling using Spider++,
including both inter-node workload distribution and intra-node
enclave assignment. This separation between control-plane
and data-plane execution prevents bottlenecks and enhances
scalability.
From a fault-tolerance perspective, the proposed mechanism
enables rapid recovery under node failure or degradation. If
the current MFN becomes unavailable or its readiness drops
below the thresholdτ, a new leader is elected dynamically
based on updated system states. The integration of enclave-
level awareness, trust evaluation, and stability control ensures
that leadership transitions remain both secure and efficient.
By jointly optimizing for resource capability, enclave-level
dynamics, execution trust, and temporal stability, the pro-
posed leader election mechanism provides a fundamentally
stronger foundation for coordinating secure, high-throughput
IIoT workloads in heterogeneous fog environments.
V. SECURITYANALYSIS
In this section, we provide a formal security analysis of
PQ-SPIDER under a post-quantum adversarial model. The
analysis covers confidentiality of outsourced IIoT content,
bounded policy privacy, bounded scheduler leakage, end-to-
end integrity and authenticity, and forward secrecy of session-
level data protection.
A. Security Goals
The security objectives of PQ-SPIDER are summarized as
follows:
•Confidentiality of outsourced IIoT data:An adversary
should learn no information about the plaintext micro-
batch contents beyond explicitly modeled leakage.
•Policy privacy up to structural leakage:The adversary
may observe the size and structural shape of the access
policy, but not the semantic meaning of attributes.
•Bounded scheduler leakage:Dynamic routing under
Spider++ should not reveal plaintext or secret-dependent
information beyond coarse workload abstractions needed
for scheduling.
•Integrity and authenticity:Forged device packets, mod-
ified outsourced ciphertexts, or forged fog-side outputs
should be rejected except with negligible probability.
•Forward secrecy of session protection:Compromise of
later system states should not expose previously estab-
lished device-to-fog session keys.
•Post-quantum resistance:The above guarantees must
hold against quantum polynomial-time adversaries under
the assumed hardness of the underlying post-quantum
primitives.
B. Adversarial Model and Trust Assumptions
We consider a probabilistic polynomial-time adversaryA
with full control over public communication channels. The
following trust assumptions are adopted.
•TheAttribute Authority (AA)is fully trusted and cor-
rectly generates the public parameters and master secret
key.
•Thecloudis honest-but-curious: it stores ciphertexts
faithfully but may attempt to infer information from them.
•Fog-nodeREE environmentsare not trusted with plain-
texts or secret keys.
•TEEsprovide confidentiality and integrity for enclave-
resident code and data.
C. Leakage-Aware Formal Security Model
At epoche, the validated micro-batch is
Be ={P e,1, . . . , Pe,ne}(84)
where each packet is generated in Phases II–III. The out-
sourced object is
Ωe = (BID e, CT AES
e , T agAES
e , IVe, CT L-ABE
e , σe)(85)
with plaintext batch
Me = (me,1, . . . , me,ne)(86)
and access policyA e. Overqepochs:
Hist q ={(M e, Ae,Ω e)}q
e=1 (87)
We define leakage profile
L= (L setup, Lenc, Lsched, Lret)(88)
1) Setup leakage:
Lsetup(1λ) =
 
λ,|Ω|, q,|P P|

(89)
revealing only public parameters and system size.
2) Encryption/outsourcing leakage:
Lenc(Me, Ae) =
 
ne,|CT AES
e |,|CT L-ABE
e |, ℓ(Ae), τ(A e), te

(90)
wheren e is batch size, ciphertext sizes capture payload and
header,ℓ(A e)andτ(A e)denote policy structure, andt e is
coarse timing. No plaintexts, attributes, keys, or enclave states
are revealed.
3) Scheduler leakage:
Lsched(Be) =
 
Φ(Be), j⋆
e , re

(91)
whereΦ(B e)is a coarse workload class,j ⋆
e the selected fog
node, andr e the parallelism factor. Only abstract workload
and scheduling metadata are exposed.
4) Retrieval leakage:
Lret(e, u) =
 
e,acc(u, e),|M e|

(92)
whereacc(u, e)∈ {0,1}indicates policy satisfaction.
5) Total leakage:
L(Hist q) =

Lsetup,{L enc}q
e=1,{L sched}q
e=1,{L ret}(e,u)∈Qret

(93)
D. Adaptive Leakage-Aware Indistinguishability
Definition 1(Leakage-Aware Security Experiment).LetΠ
denote PQ-SPIDER. The experimentExpt LA-IND
Π,A (λ)proceeds:
1)Setup:(P P, M SK)←Setup(1 λ); giveP PtoA
2)Queries:
•Key:SK u ←KeyGen(M SK, Attr u)(non-
authorizing)
•Outsource:(M e, Ae)7→Ω e
•Retrieve:return decryption or⊥
•Scheduler:returnL sched only
3)Challenge:SubmitHist ⋆
0, Hist⋆
1 such that
Lenc(M ⋆
e,0, A⋆
e,0) =L enc(M ⋆
e,1, A⋆
e,1)(94)
Challenger returnsΩ e fromHist ⋆
b,b← {0,1}
4)Post-queries:Same restrictions apply
5)Guess:Outputb ′
Definition 2(Leakage-Aware Security).ΠisL-secure if for
all QPT adversariesA
AdvLA-IND
Π,A (λ) =
Pr[Expt= 1]− 1
2
 ≤negl(λ)(95)
E. Simulation-Based Formulation
The above indistinguishability definition admits an equiva-
lent simulation-based interpretation.
Definition 3(Simulation-Based Leakage Security).PQ-
SPIDER is simulation-secure with leakageLif there exists
a PPT simulatorSsuch that, for every PPT distinguisherD
|Pr[D(V iewreal) = 1]−Pr[D(V iew ideal) = 1]| ≤negl(λ)
(96)
where:
V iewreal =
 
P P,{Ω e},oracle transcripts,scheduling metadata

(97)
V iewideal ← S
 
L(Hist q)

(98)
The simulator receives only the leakage tuple and generates:
•Random strings matching the lengths of device-side ci-
phertexts and AES payloads,
•A simulated CP-ABE header matching the required pol-
icy dimensions and structural shape,
•Scheduler-visible outputs consistent withΦ(B e),j ⋆
e , and
re
•Retrieval transcripts revealing only success/failure and
output length information.
F . Bounded Scheduler Leakage
Since Spider++ is a key architectural component, its leakage
must be formally bounded.
Lemma 1(Bounded Scheduler Leakage).The scheduler-
visible information
Lsched(Be) =
 
Φ(Be), j⋆
e , re

does not reveal plaintext contents, semantic attributes, session
keys, or enclave-resident secrets beyond the defined leakage
abstraction.
Proof.We show each component ofL sched is independent of
confidential data.
(1) Workload AbstractionΦ(B e)LetΦ :B → Cwith
|C| ≪ |B|. Then
|{B∈ B: Φ(B) =c}| ≫1
soΦis many-to-one and non-invertible. Thus,Φ(B e)reveals
only coarse workload properties.
(2) Node Selectionj ⋆
e
j⋆
e = arg min
j
f(Ψ(F j),Φ(B e))
whereΨ(F j)denotes system state. Sincefdepends only
on(Ψ,Φ),j ⋆
e is conditionally independent of plaintexts and
secrets givenL sched.
(3) Parallelism Factorr e
re =g(Φ(B e),{Ψ(E j,k)})
which depends only on workload class and enclave resources,
not on encrypted data or attributes.
(4) Secret IndependenceThe scheduler operates outside TEEs
and accesses no sensitive variables:
KAES , s, v, R secret, K S,i, m e,i
Hence, for any secretX,
Pr[AlearnsX|L sched] = Pr[AlearnsX]
Therefore, all components ofL sched are either many-to-one
abstractions or functions of system state, implying bounded
leakage with no additional exposure of confidential informa-
tion.
G. Main Leakage-Aware Security Theorem
Theorem 1(Leakage-Aware Confidentiality of PQ-SPIDER).
Assume: (i) Kyber is IND-CCA secure; (ii) KDF is a quantum-
secure PRF; (iii) ChaCha20-Poly1305 and AES-GCM are
IND-CPA and INT-CTXT secure; (iv) lattice CP-ABE is selec-
tively secure under MLWE; (v) Dilithium is EUF-CMA secure;
and (vi) the TEE provides ideal confidentiality and integrity.
Then PQ-SPIDER isL-secure.
Proof.We prove via hybrid games.
G0 (Real):Adversary receives real outsourced objects
Ωe fromHist ⋆
b.
G1 (Randomize session keys):Replace
KS,i =KDF(H(k kem,i)∥R secret,i ∥ID i ∥t i ∥ctr i)
with eKS,i ← {0,1} κ. Then
|Pr[G 0]−Pr[G 1]| ≤Adv PRF
KDF (λ)
G2 (Randomize Kyber secrets):Replacek kem,i with
uniform strings. Then
|Pr[G 1]−Pr[G 2]| ≤Adv IND-CCA
Kyber (λ)
G3 (Randomize device AEAD):Replace device cipher-
texts with encryptions of zeros. Then
|Pr[G 2]−Pr[G 3]| ≤Adv AEAD
ChaCha20-Poly1305(λ)
G4 (Randomize AES payload):Replace
(CT AES
e , T agAES
e )with encryption of zeros:
|Pr[G 3]−Pr[G 4]| ≤Adv AEAD
AES-GCM(λ)
G5 (Simulate CP-ABE header):ReplaceCT L-ABE
e with
simulated values using only(|CT|, ℓ(A e), τ(A e)):
|Pr[G 4]−Pr[G 5]| ≤Adv SEL-CPA
L-CP-ABE(λ)
Remark:Security is selective due to CP-ABE.
G6 (Simulate signatures):Replaceσ e with random
strings:
|Pr[G 5]−Pr[G 6]| ≤Adv EUF-CMA
Dilithium (λ)
G7 (Ideal):All outputs are generated from leakageL:
ciphertexts, headers, and signatures are simulated; scheduler
and retrieval reveal only bounded leakage.
Thus,
AdvLA-IND
Π,A (λ)≤Adv PRF
KDF +Adv IND-CCA
Kyber
+Adv AEAD
ChaCha20-Poly1305 +Adv AEAD
AES-GCM
+Adv SEL-CPA
L-CP-ABE +Adv EUF-CMA
Dilithium +negl(λ)
(99)
All terms are negligible; hence PQ-SPIDER isL-secure.
H. Integrity and Authenticity
PQ-SPIDER ensures integrity and authenticity across device
transmission, fog processing, and cloud storage.
Theorem 2(End-to-End Integrity and Authenticity).Assume
the device MAC is secure, ChaCha20-Poly1305 and AES-GCM
satisfy ciphertext integrity, and Dilithium is EUF-CMA secure.
Then any PPT adversary that forges a valid packet, modifies
ciphertext undetected, or produces a valid forged fog output
succeeds with negligible probability.
Proof.We consider three layers.
(1) Device Authenticity:Each packet includes
Authi =M AC KS,i(ID i ∥M etadata∥c kem,i ∥CT i ∥T ag i ∥t i)
A valid forgery withoutK S,i breaks MAC unforgeability.
(2) Ciphertext Integrity:Device data (ChaCha20-Poly1305)
and fog payload (AES-GCM) are AEAD-protected. Any un-
detected modification implies breaking INT-CTXT security.
(3) Fog Authenticity:Users verify
VerifypkF N (σe, H(BID e ∥CT AES
e ∥CT L-ABE
e ))
A valid forgery implies breaking Dilithium EUF-CMA secu-
rity.
By union bound,
Advforge
Π,A (λ)≤Adv MAC +Adv INT-CTXT
ChaCha20-Poly1305
+Adv INT-CTXT
AES-GCM +Adv EUF-CMA
Dilithium (100)
which is negligible.
I. Policy Privacy
Theorem 3(Policy Privacy up to Structural Leakage).Assum-
ing hash collision resistance and selective security of lattice
CP-ABE, the adversary learns only policy size and structure,
not attribute semantics.
Proof.Attributes are encoded as
ID j =H(attr j)
hiding semantic labels. The ciphertext reveals only
(ℓ(Ae), τ(A e)). Under CP-ABE selective security, no
additional information is leaked beyond this structure. Hence,
attribute semantics remain hidden.
J. Forward Secrecy of Device-to-Fog Session Protection
Session keys are derived as
KS,i =KDF
 
H(k kem,i)∥R secret,i ∥ID i ∥t i ∥ctr i

(101)
Theorem 4(Forward Secrecy of Session Keys).Assume
Kyber is IND-CCA secure andKDFis pseudorandom. Then
compromise of later system states does not reveal any past
session key except with negligible probability.
Proof.Leti ⋆ be a completed session. The adversaryAobtains
all transcripts, includingc kem,i⋆, and arbitrarylatersystem
states, but not the decapsulated secretk kem,i⋆ inside the TEE.
In the indistinguishability experiment, the challenger returns
K ⋆ =
(
KS,i⋆ , b= 0,
Uκ, b= 1, b← {0,1}
GameG 0:Real key
KS,i⋆ =KDF(H(k kem,i⋆)∥ · · ·)
GameG 1:Replacek kem,i⋆ withek← {0,1} ℓ:
|Pr[G0]−Pr[G 1]| ≤Adv IND-CCA
Kyber
GameG 2:Replace KDF output withU κ:
|Pr[G1]−Pr[G 2]| ≤Adv PRF
KDF
InG 2,K ⋆ is uniform, soPr[G 2 = 1] = 1
2
TABLE III
NOTATION FORCOMPUTATIONCOSTANALYSIS
Symbol Description
System Parameters
|F|Number of fog nodes
mj Number of enclaves in fog nodeF j
|S|Number of attributes in access policy
NInput data size
Lattice / CP-ABE Operations
Tpoly Polynomial (NTT-based) operation cost
TPRF Pseudorandom function cost
TL-ABE.Setup CP-ABE setup cost
TL-ABE.Enc CP-ABE encryption cost
TL-ABE.Dec CP-ABE decryption cost
Post-Quantum Primitives
TKyber Kyber encapsulation/decapsulation cost
TDil Dilithium signing/verification cost
Symmetric Operations
TAE AEAD encryption/decryption cost
TMAC MAC generation/verification cost
TPUF PUF evaluation cost
Scheduling (Ours)
Tsched Scheduling overheadP
j mj Total available enclaves
|S|P
j mj
Parallel workload factor
Thus,
Advfs
Π,A ≤Adv IND-CCA
Kyber +Adv PRF
KDF ≤negl(λ)
Fresh(c kem,i, ti, ctri)ensures independence across ses-
sions, completing the proof.
VI. EVALUATION
This section presents the evaluation of the scheme by
illustrating the functionality comparison and demonstrating the
experiments conducted for measuring the processing time of
encryption, decryption and load balancing.
A. Computation Cost Analysis
To provide a fair and structured evaluation, we divide the
computation cost analysis into two groups: (i) post-quantum
cryptographic protection schemes and (ii) fog load-balancing
mechanisms. This separation is necessary because existing
works typically focus on either cryptographic protection or
scheduling efficiency, whereas the proposed framework inte-
grates both aspects.
1) Post-Quantum Protection Cost Comparison.We compare
our scheme with representative post-quantum protection works
[4], [35], and [36], focusing on key generation, device/edge
encryption, fog-side processing, and user decryption. Table III
summarizes the notations used in the computation cost analy-
sis.
Table IV presents a comparative analysis of the proposed
scheme against representative approaches, highlighting dif-
ferences in computational complexity, system design, and
scalability.
Scheme [4] incurs relatively high overhead due to its
reliance on lattice-based CP-ABE with fine-grained access
policies. The key generation cost scales with the number of
attributes, while encryption and decryption involve multiple
polynomial operations, Gaussian sampling, and modular arith-
metic. As a result, its computational cost is strongly attribute-
dependent, leading to increased latency, especially in large-
scale deployments. Moreover, authentication and verification
operations are embedded across device and fog layers, further
contributing to the overall processing burden.
Scheme [35] adopts standalone post-quantum cryptographic
primitives, where the computational cost is dominated by
Kyber encapsulation/decapsulation and Dilithium signature
generation. Each operation incurs a constant-time complexity,
i.e.,O(1)per invocation. However, the scheme lacks integrated
access control and distributed processing capabilities, limiting
its scalability and making it less suitable for large-scale IIoT
environments with high data volume and concurrency.
Scheme [36] follows a transformation-based design using
chaotic-map encoding mechanisms. Its computational cost is
dominated by iterative transformation and mapping processes,
resulting in an overall complexity ofO(N 2)for encryption
and decryption. Unlike structured or parallelizable designs,
this quadratic dependence on data size significantly limits
scalability as the dataset grows. Furthermore, the absence of
distributed processing or workload partitioning makes it less
adaptable to dynamic IIoT environments.
In contrast, the proposed scheme achieves a scalable and
efficient computation model by combining lightweight device-
side operations with fog-assisted parallel processing. At the
device layer, the cost is dominated by efficient primitives
such as Kyber encapsulation, ChaCha20-Poly1305 encryption,
and PUF-based authentication, ensuring low overhead suitable
for resource-constrained IIoT devices. At the fog layer, com-
putationally intensive tasks, including batch decryption, CP-
ABE encryption, and signature generation, are offloaded and
parallelized across multiple enclaves.
As shown in Table IV, the fog-side complexity is effectively
reduced by a factor proportional to |Bk|P
j mj
for batch processing
and |S|P
j mj
for attribute-based encryption, where|B k|denotes
the batch size and P
j mj represents the total number of
available enclaves. This parallel execution model significantly
lowers processing latency and enables horizontal scalability.
Overall, unlike schemes with attribute-dependent over-
head [4], limited system integration [35], or quadratic data-
dependent complexity [36], the proposed framework provides
a unified, distributed, and scalable computation model that is
well-suited for large-scale and latency-sensitive IIoT environ-
ments.
2) Load Balancing Cost Analysis
We analyze the computational and communication overhead
of load balancing mechanisms across representative fog/edge
scheduling schemes. Table V summarizes the notations used
in this analysis.
Table VI compares the LB strategies and associated costs
of representative schemes. Since the compared works adopt
TABLE IV
COMPUTATIONCOSTCOMPARISON
Scheme KeyGen Encrypt (Edge) Encrypt (Fog) Decrypt
[4]
(Nstrict +N flexible + 1)H
+N flexiblePRF
+CD keygen +EpochInit
AES-GCM + (Na + 3)SG
+ (Na + 2)M ulR
+ (Na + 3)Addb +N aH
+M AC gen
M ACver +F M ul R
+Add R +Sign
Device:
M ACver +N strict_usedM ulR
+ (2Nstrict_used + 2)AddR
+H+T decode
+ AES-GCM
Fog:
V er+N flex_usedM ulR
+Add R +M AC gen
[35] O(TKyberKG +T Dil.KG) O(TKyberEnc +T Dil.Sign) – O(TKyberDec)
[36] – O(N 2)
(Chaotic-map Based) – O(N 2)
Ours O(TKyberKG +T L-ABE.Setup) O(TPUF +T KyberEnc
+T ChaChaEnc +T MAC)
O

|Bk|P
j mj
·(T KyberDec +T ChaChaDec)

+O(T AESEnc)
+O

|S|P
j mj
·T L-ABE.Enc

+O(T Dil.Sign +T sched)
O(TL-ABE.Dec +T AESDec)
TABLE V
NOTATION FORLOADBALANCINGCOSTANALYSIS
Symbol Description
|F|Number of fog nodes
mj Number of enclaves in fog nodeF j
TNumber of incoming tasks
Nusage Total network traffic volume
|M C|Number of edge/medical centers
PNumber of workload requests/tasks
RNumber of regions
INumber of learning iterations
dAverage neighbor degree
different architectures, we report dominant scheduling and
communication costs derived from their algorithms.
Existing schemes generally rely on single-level or iterative
scheduling mechanisms with varying computational overhead.
Scheme [22] assigns each incoming task by scanning all
candidate fog nodes and selecting the minimum-latency node,
leading to a scheduling cost ofO(T|F|). Its communica-
tion overhead depends on total network traffic, modeled as
O(Nusage), which grows with system workload and inter-layer
data exchange.
Scheme [37] improves adaptability by combining static
planning and SDN-assisted dynamic control. However, its
scheduling cost is dominated by pairwise coordination and
workload distribution across centers, resulting inO(|M C| 2 +
|M C|+P). The communication overhead scales with task
distribution and inter-node coordination, captured asO(P d).
Scheme [39] adopts a distributed reinforcement learning-
based scheduling mechanism. Its dominant cost arises from
iterative Q-learning across regions, fog nodes, and tasks,
yielding a complexity ofO(RI|F|T). Additionally, communi-
cation overhead is introduced through Q-value sharing among
neighboring regions, modeled asO(RId).
In contrast, the proposed scheme introduces a hierarchical
and adaptive LB mechanism that jointly considers fog nodes
and enclave-level resources. The scheduling complexity is
reduced toO(|F|+ P
j mj), where P
j mj denotes the total
number of enclaves across fog nodes. The communication
overhead follows the same bound, as only lightweight state
information and scheduling decisions are exchanged. This two-
level design enables fine-grained parallelism across enclaves,
significantly improving scalability and reducing bottlenecks
compared to single-level or learning-based approaches.
B. Performance Analysis
This section evaluates the performance of the proposed
scheme in terms of computational overhead and load-balancing
efficiency.
1) Computation Cost Comparison:To analyze the crypto-
graphic cost of the proposed framework, computation overhead
is measured at each major processing stage. The comparison
is illustrated through the following graphs:
1) Key Generation Graph
2) Encryption at the Edge Graph
3) Encryption at the Fog Graph
4) Decryption Graph
2) Load-Balancing Cost Analysis:To evaluate the effec-
tiveness of the proposed dynamic load-balancing mechanism,
the following performance metrics are considered:
1) Latency Comparison
2) Execution Time
3) Energy Consumption
4) Network Usage
VII. CONCLUSION
REFERENCES
[1] S. Fugkeaw, A. Changtor, T. Maneerat, P. Rattanasrisuk, and K. Tang-
tanawirut, “LightPUF-IIoT: A Lightweight PUF-Based Authentication
Scheme With Real-Time Detection of Rogue Devices in Fog-Assisted
IIoT Data Sharing,”IEEE Open Journal of the Computer Society, vol.
6, pp. 1438–1450, 2025, doi: 10.1109/OJCS.2025.3607984.
TABLE VI
LOADBALANCINGCOSTCOMPARISON
Scheme LB Strategy Scheduling Cost Communication Cost Scalability / Scope
[22] Optimised Load Balancing (OLB)O(T|F|)O(N usage) Single-level
Fog Scheduling
[37] Adaptive SDN-based Load Balancing O(|M C|2 +|M C|+P) O(P d) Multi-tier Edge/Fog
with SDN Controller
[39] Distributed Reinforcement Learning–based
Task Scheduling O(RI|F|T)O(RId) Multi-round Distributed
Learning-based Scheduling
Ours Hierarchical Adaptive
Fog and Enclave Scheduling O

|F|+ P
j mj

O

|F|+ P
j mj
 Two-level Scheduling
Fog Layer and Enclave
[2] A. Changtor, T. Maneerat, P. Rattanasrisuk, K. Tangtanawirut, and
S. Fugkeaw, “A Secure and Lightweight IIoT Data Authentication
Using PUF-Based in IoT Fog-Assisted Cloud,” inProc. 2025 17th
International Conference on Knowledge and Smart Technology (KST),
2025, pp. 40–45, doi: 10.1109/KST65016.2025.11003299.
[3] Y . Yang, J. Zhang, X. Liu, and J. Ma, “A Scalable and Auditable Secure
Data Sharing Scheme With Traceability for Fog-Based Smart Logistics,”
IEEE Internet of Things Journal, vol. 10, no. 10, pp. 8603–8617, 2023,
doi: 10.1109/JIOT.2022.3220850.
[4] P. Poomekum, A. Suriyawong, and S. Fugkeaw, “Fine-Grained and
Lightweight Quantum-Resistant Access Control System With Effi-
cient Revocation for IoT Cloud,”IEEE Open Journal of the Com-
munications Society, vol. 6, pp. 8652–8666, 2025, doi: 10.1109/OJ-
COMS.2025.3620094.
[5] R. P. Gupta, C. V orakulpipat, S. Fugkeaw, and A. Witayangkurn, “A
Scalable and Secure Outsourced IoT Electronic Health Records with
Efficient User Revocation Using Fog-Assisted Cloud Model,” inProc.
2024 21st International Joint Conference on Computer Science and
Software Engineering (JCSSE), 2024, pp. 61–67, doi: 10.1109/JC-
SSE61278.2024.10613723.
[6] Z. Wang and Y . Zhou, “Analysis and Evaluation of Intel Software
Guard Extension-Based Trusted Execution Environment Usage in Edge
Intelligence and Internet of Things Scenarios,”Future Internet, vol. 17,
no. 1, Art. no. 32, 2025, doi: 10.3390/fi17010032.
[7] A. Muñoz, R. Ríos, R. Román, and J. López, “A Survey on the
(In)Security of Trusted Execution Environments,”Computers & Secu-
rity, vol. 129, Art. no. 103180, 2023, doi: 10.1016/j.cose.2023.103180.
[8] A. N. Alvi, B. Ali, M. S. Saleh, M. Alkhathami, D. Alsadie, and B.
Alghamdi, “Secure Computing for Fog-Enabled Industrial IoT,”Sensors,
vol. 24, no. 7, Art. no. 2098, 2024, doi: 10.3390/s24072098.
[9] N. Sarwar, R. S. Alharthi, H. M. Mujlid,et al., “Enhancing IoT
Communication in Fog Computing: A Lightweight Remote User Au-
thentication and Key Management Scheme Utilizing ECC,”Journal of
Cloud Computing, vol. 14, Art. no. 86, 2025, doi: 10.1186/s13677-025-
00816-y.
[10] W. B. Daoud, S. Othmen, M. Hamdi,et al., “Fog Computing Net-
work Security Based on Resources Management,”Journal of Wireless
Communications and Networking, vol. 2023, Art. no. 50, 2023, doi:
10.1186/s13638-023-02256-1.
[11] H. Nguyen, S. Huda, Y . Nogami, and T. T. Nguyen, “Security in
Post-Quantum Era: A Comprehensive Survey on Lattice-Based Algo-
rithms,”IEEE Access, vol. 13, pp. 89003–89024, 2025, doi: 10.1109/AC-
CESS.2025.3571307.
[12] A. B. Shahid, K. Mansoor, Y . A. Bangash,et al., “Post-Quantum
Cryptographic Authentication Protocol for Industrial IoT Using Lattice-
Based Cryptography,”Scientific Reports, vol. 16, Art. no. 9582, 2026,
doi: 10.1038/s41598-025-28413-8.
[13] D. C. Lawo, R. Frantz, A. Cano Aguilera, X. Arnal I Clemente, M.
P. Podle ´s, J. L. Imaña, I. Tafur Monroy, and J. J. Vegas Olmos,
“Falcon/Kyber and Dilithium/Kyber Network Stack on Nvidia’s Data
Processing Unit Platform,”IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 38048–38056,
2024, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3374629.
[14] M. A. González de la Torre, I. A. Morales Sandoval, G. T. Freitas
de Abreu, and L. Hernández Encinas, “Post-Quantum Wireless-Based
Key Encapsulation Mechanism via CRYSTALS-Kyber for Resource-
Constrained Devices,”IEEE Access, vol. 13, pp. 66714–66725, 2025,
doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3560023.
[15] L. Cruz-Piris, A. Marín-López, M. Álvarez-Campana, M. Sanz, J. I.
Moreno, and D. Arroyo, “Measuring the Impact of Post Quantum
Cryptography in Industrial IoT Scenarios,”Internet of Things, vol. 34,
Art. no. 101793, 2025, doi: 10.1016/j.iot.2025.101793.
[16] S. Aghapour, K. Ahmadi, M. Anastasova, M. Mozaffari Kermani, and R.
Azarderakhsh, “PUF-Kyber: Design of a PUF-Based Kyber Architecture
Benchmarked on Diverse ARM Processors,”IEEE Transactions on
Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems, vol. 43, no.
12, pp. 4453–4462, 2024, doi: 10.1109/TCAD.2024.3399669.
[17] C. Kim, S. Son, and Y . Park, “A Privacy-Preserving Authentication
Scheme Using PUF and Biometrics for IoT-Enabled Smart Cities,”
Electronics, vol. 14, no. 10, Art. no. 1953, 2025, doi: 10.3390/elec-
tronics14101953.
[18] C. Rubio García, A. Cano Aguilera, C. Stan, J. J. Vegas Olmos, S.
Rommel, and I. Tafur Monroy, “Enhanced Network Security Protocols
for the Quantum Era: Combining Classical and Post-Quantum Cryp-
tography, and Quantum Key Distribution,”IEEE Journal on Selected
Areas in Communications, vol. 43, no. 8, pp. 2765–2781, 2025, doi:
10.1109/JSAC.2025.3568011.
[19] S. Y . Moon, B. H. Jo, A. El Azzaoui, S. K. Singh, and J. H. Park,
“Edge-Fog Enhanced Post-Quantum Network Security: Applications,
Challenges and Solutions,”Computers, Materials & Continua, vol. 84,
no. 1, pp. 25–55, 2025, doi: 10.32604/cmc.2025.062966.
[20] D. Aldossary, E. Aldahasi, T. Balharith, and T. Helmy, “A Systematic
Literature Review on Load-Balancing Techniques in Fog Computing:
Architectures, Strategies, and Emerging Trends,”Computers, vol. 14,
no. 6, Art. no. 217, 2025, doi: 10.3390/computers14060217.
[21] M. H. Kashani and E. Mahdipour, “Load Balancing Algorithms in Fog
Computing,”IEEE Transactions on Services Computing, vol. 16, no. 2,
pp. 1505–1521, 2023, doi: 10.1109/TSC.2022.3174475.
[22] M. Ala’anzy, R. Zhanuzak, R. Akhmedov, N. Mohamed, and J.
Al-Jaroodi, “Dynamic Load Balancing for Enhanced Network Per-
formance in IoT-Enabled Smart Healthcare With Fog Computing,”
IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 188957–188975, 2024, doi: 10.1109/AC-
CESS.2024.3516362.
[23] S. Fugkeaw, S. Rattagool, P. Jiangthiranan, and P. Pholwiset,
“FPRESSO: Fast and Privacy-Preserving SSO Authentication With
Dynamic Load Balancing for Multi-Cloud-Based Web Applications,”
IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 157888–157900, 2024, doi: 10.1109/AC-
CESS.2024.3485996.
[24] X. Yu, M. Zhu, M. Zhu,et al., “A Novel Location-Aware Job Scheduling
Framework for Optimizing Fog-Cloud IoT Systems: Insights From
Dynamic Traffic Management,”Journal of Cloud Computing, vol. 14,
Art. no. 50, 2025, doi: 10.1186/s13677-025-00772-7.
[25] M. Vijarania, S. Gupta, A. Agrawal, M. O. Adigun, S. A. Ajagbe,
and J. B. Awotunde, “Energy Efficient Load-Balancing Mechanism in
Integrated IoT–Fog–Cloud Environment,”Electronics, vol. 12, no. 11,
Art. no. 2543, 2023, doi: 10.3390/electronics12112543.
[26] S. Ijaz, S. G. Ahmad, K. Ayyub,et al., “Energy-Efficient Time and Cost
Constraint Scheduling Algorithm Using Improved Multi-Objective Dif-
ferential Evolution in Fog Computing,”The Journal of Supercomputing,
vol. 81, Art. no. 116, 2025, doi: 10.1007/s11227-024-06550-7.
[27] J. Wan, B. Chen, S. Wang, M. Xia, D. Li, and C. Liu, “Fog Computing
for Energy-Aware Load Balancing and Scheduling in Smart Factory,”
IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics, vol. 14, no. 10, pp. 4548–
4556, 2018, doi: 10.1109/TII.2018.2818932.
[28] J. Singh, P. Singh, E. M. Amhoud, and M. Hedabou, “Energy-Efficient
and Secure Load Balancing Technique for SDN-Enabled Fog Com-
puting,”Sustainability, vol. 14, no. 19, Art. no. 12951, 2022, doi:
10.3390/su141912951.
[29] H. Wang, L. Cai, X. Hao, J. Ren, and Y . Ma, “ETS-TEE: An Energy-
Efficient Task Scheduling Strategy in a Mobile Trusted Computing
Environment,”Tsinghua Science and Technology, vol. 28, no. 1, pp.
105–116, 2023, doi: 10.26599/TST.2021.9010088.
[30] Y . Li, D. Zeng, L. Gu, A. Zhu, Q. Chen, and S. Yu, “PASTO:
Enabling Secure and Efficient Task Offloading in TrustZone-Enabled
Edge Clouds,”IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology, vol. 72, no.
6, pp. 8234–8238, 2023, doi: 10.1109/TVT.2023.3237204.
[31] S. Fugkeaw, R. Prasad Gupta and K. Worapaluk, "Secure and Fine-
Grained Access Control With Optimized Revocation for Outsourced
IoT EHRs With Adaptive Load-Sharing in Fog-Assisted Cloud En-
vironment," in IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 82753-82768, 2024, doi:
10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3412754.
[32] Z. Liu et al., "A Privacy-Preserving Outsourcing Computing Scheme
Based on Secure Trusted Environment," in IEEE Transactions on Cloud
Computing, vol. 11, no. 3, pp. 2325-2336, 1 July-Sept. 2023, doi:
10.1109/TCC.2022.3201401.
[33] Y . Bai, D. He, Z. Yang, M. Luo and C. Peng, "Efficient Module-Lattice-
Based Certificateless Online/Offline Signcryption Scheme for Internet of
Medical Things," in IEEE Internet of Things Journal, vol. 12, no. 14,
pp. 27350-27363, 15 July15, 2025, doi: 10.1109/JIOT.2025.3562262.
[34] W. Zhang, J. Wei and M. K. Khan, "PQC-Enhanced Privacy-Preserving
Federated Learning for Edge-Based IoT Ecosystems," in IEEE Transac-
tions on Consumer Electronics, vol. 71, no. 4, pp. 11171-11182, Nov.
2025, doi: 10.1109/TCE.2025.3601395.
[35] A. N. Zaheer, M. Farhan, M. Rehan Naeem and M. M. Alnfiai,
"Quantum-Resilient Cryptographic Frameworks: Design and Analysis of
Post-Quantum Algorithms for Secure and Efficient Edge-Assisted IoT
Ecosystems in Consumer Electronics Devices," in IEEE Transactions on
Consumer Electronics, vol. 71, no. 4, pp. 11258-11268, Nov. 2025, doi:
10.1109/TCE.2025.3619556.
[36] Z. Man, Z. Yu, J. Yu, C. Gao and X. Meng, "Edge Computing in Internet
of Things: Lattice-Based and Split Encryption for Post-Quantum Data
Security," in IEEE Internet of Things Journal, vol. 12, no. 23, pp. 49327-
49339, 1 Dec.1, 2025, doi: 10.1109/JIOT.2025.3591521.
[37] A. M. Jasim and H. Al-Raweshidy, "An Adaptive SDN-Based Load
Balancing Method for Edge/Fog-Based Real-Time Healthcare Systems,"
in IEEE Systems Journal, vol. 18, no. 2, pp. 1139-1150, June 2024, doi:
10.1109/JSYST.2024.3402156.
[38] R. M. Singh, G. Sikka and L. K. Awasthi, "LBATSM: Load Balancing
Aware Task Selection and Migration Approach in Fog Computing
Environment," in IEEE Systems Journal, vol. 18, no. 2, pp. 796-804,
June 2024, doi: 10.1109/JSYST.2024.3403673.
[39] E. Oustad, "DIST: Distributed Learning-Based Energy-Efficient and
Reliable Task Scheduling and Resource Allocation in Fog Computing,"
in IEEE Transactions on Services Computing, vol. 18, no. 3, pp. 1336-
1351, May-June 2025, doi: 10.1109/TSC.2025.3568255.
[40] M. Maashi, "Elevating Survivability in Next-Gen IoT-Fog-Cloud Net-
works: Scheduling Optimization With the Metaheuristic Mountain
Gazelle Algorithm," in IEEE Transactions on Consumer Electronics, vol.
70, no. 1, pp. 3802-3809, Feb. 2024, doi: 10.1109/TCE.2024.3371774.
[41] D. Kang and H. J. Jo, "TB-Logger: Secure Vehicle Data Logging Method
Using Trusted Execution Environment and Blockchain," in IEEE Access,
vol. 11, pp. 23282-23292, 2023, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3253626.
[42] C. Wang, Y . Deng, Z. Ning, K. Leach, J. Li, S. Yan, Z. He, J. Cao, and F.
Zhang, "Building a Lightweight Trusted Execution Environment for Arm
GPUs," in IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing,
vol. 21, no. 4, pp. 3801-3816, 2024, doi: 10.1109/TDSC.2023.3334277.
[43] J. Zhao, H. Zhu, F. Wang, R. Lu, and H. Li, "SXGB: Secure and Efficient
Vertical Federated XGBoost via Trusted Execution Environments," in
IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing, vol. 23, no.
2, pp. 2275-2288, Mar. 2026, doi: 10.1109/TDSC.2025.3626379.
