Post-Quantum Secure and Dynamic Load-Balanced
Encryption for IIoT Data in Fog Computing
Phinnawat Yaemsanguan, Rangsimann Sattayarom, Ratchanon Wongwitutai, Somchart Fugkeaw
Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology, Thammasat University, Thailand
6622770764@g.siit.tu.ac.th, 6622771747@g.siit.tu.ac.th, 6622780268@g.siit.tu.ac.th
Abstract—Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) systems gen-
erate high-volume data streams that increase device-to-cloud
latency and impose heavy pressure on network and cloud in-
frastructures. Fog computing addresses this challenge by moving
computation and data processing closer to the network edge.
However, conventional secure fog-assisted IIoT frameworks often
focus mainly on encryption while overlooking the computational
overhead introduced by post-quantum cryptography and the
heterogeneous resource constraints of fog nodes. These challenges
become more significant in practical deployments, where fog
nodes differ in CPU capability, memory capacity, and network
conditions, causing static load-sharing mechanisms to perform
poorly under bursty traffic.
In this work, a post-quantum fog-assisted security architecture
for IIoT is proposed. The system integrates PUF-based device
authentication, Kyber-based post-quantum key establishment
during the setup phase, and ChaCha20-Poly1305 for lightweight
authenticated protection of IIoT data streams. Multiple protected
data streams generated by IIoT devices are collected and ag-
gregated at the edge layer, where a group-based authentication
mechanism is applied to reduce repeated authentication overhead
before forwarding the validated batch to the fog layer. To
support fine-grained access control under resource-constrained
fog environments, a split-phase lattice-based CP-ABE mechanism
is adopted, in which sensitive cryptographic operations are
executed within Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) while
complementary processing is handled outside the enclave. After
secure aggregation, the fog layer re-encrypts the protected batch
using AES for subsequent storage and controlled access. In
addition, a dynamic load-balancing mechanism coordinated by
a Master Fog Node assigns security-related tasks to heteroge-
neous fog nodes according to real-time resource availability. The
proposed design aims to improve secure data handling efficiency
while maintaining post-quantum protection and scalable fog-layer
processing for IIoT environments.
Index Terms—Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), Fog Com-
puting, Post-Quantum Cryptography (PQC), Lattice-Based CP-
ABE, Dynamic Load Balancing, Trusted Execution Environment
(TEE), Physical Unclonable Function (PUF), Fine-Grained Access
Control.
I. INTRODUCTION
Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) environments consist
of large numbers of sensors, machines, and controllers that
continuously generate data at high volume and velocity. As in-
dustrial systems scale, the amount of streaming data increases
significantly, placing heavy pressure on communication net-
works and centralized cloud infrastructures. Transmitting raw
IIoT data directly to the cloud often leads to bandwidth
congestion, increased latency, and inefficient use of network
and computing resources. Fog computing addresses these
limitations by relocating computation and storage resources
closer to IIoT devices, thereby reducing communication delay
and network load.
However, ensuring secure and efficient data handling in
fog-assisted IIoT environments remains a major challenge.
Many existing approaches focus primarily on data encryption
while giving limited attention to the computational overhead
of cryptographic protection, especially in high-volume and
real-time industrial settings. In practice, IIoT data streams
must be authenticated, protected, aggregated, and forwarded
across multiple layers under strict latency constraints. Treating
all tasks uniformly can introduce unnecessary overhead and
reduce system efficiency, particularly when heterogeneous
processing resources are involved.
These challenges become more critical in the post-quantum
era. Post-quantum cryptographic mechanisms generally in-
cur higher computational and communication overhead than
conventional public-key schemes, making their direct deploy-
ment difficult in large-scale IIoT systems. Moreover, im-
proper placement of post-quantum operations across the IIoT–
fog–cloud pipeline may increase end-to-end latency, reduce
throughput, and overload resource-constrained components.
Therefore, designing an efficient security workflow that de-
termines how authentication, key establishment, encryption,
and access control should be distributed across the edge, fog,
and cloud layers becomes an important research problem.
The problem is further complicated by the heterogeneous
nature of fog environments. Fog nodes often differ in pro-
cessing capability, memory capacity, and network conditions,
while Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) provide lim-
ited secure memory for sensitive cryptographic operations. In
practical deployments, each fog node can host multiple con-
current TEE instances (enclaves), enabling parallel execution
of security-sensitive workloads. However, this multi-enclave
capability introduces additional challenges in enclave memory
management, workload isolation, and scheduling efficiency,
particularly under dynamic and high-throughput IIoT condi-
tions. As a result, improper workload placement may lead to
enclave contention, EPC memory pressure, and performance
degradation, making TEEs a potential throughput bottleneck
despite their strong security guarantees. Consequently, effi-
cient workload management must operate at multiple levels,
including inter-node load balancing across heterogeneous fog
nodes and intra-node scheduling between TEE and REE exe-
cution environments. This necessitates an intelligent, enclave-

aware scheduling mechanism capable of jointly optimizing
performance, security, and resource utilization under dynamic
system conditions. In many current deployments, workload
distribution is still handled using static load balancing or fixed
routing strategies, such as threshold-based offloading or pre-
determined forwarding rules. These approaches cannot adapt
effectively to bursty traffic, changing network conditions, or
diverse fog-node capabilities. As a result, computationally in-
tensive security tasks may be assigned to unsuitable fog nodes,
creating bottlenecks, queue buildup, and service degradation.
To address these challenges, this work proposes a post-
quantum fog-assisted security architecture for IIoT envi-
ronments. The proposed system integrates PUF-based de-
vice authentication, Kyber-based post-quantum key establish-
ment during the setup phase, and ChaCha20-Poly1305 for
lightweight authenticated protection of IIoT data streams.
Multiple protected streams are collected and aggregated at the
edge layer, where a group-based authentication mechanism
is applied to reduce repeated verification overhead before
forwarding validated batches to the fog layer. To support
secure storage and fine-grained access control, the fog layer
re-encrypts aggregated protected data using AES and applies
a split-phase lattice-based CP-ABE mechanism, in which
sensitive cryptographic operations are executed within Trusted
Execution Environments while complementary processing is
handled outside the enclave. In addition, a dynamic load-
balancing mechanism coordinated by a Master Fog Node
assigns security-related workloads according to real-time re-
source availability. Through this design, the proposed system
aims to improve secure data handling efficiency while main-
taining low-latency processing and post-quantum resilience in
heterogeneous fog-assisted IIoT environments.
In summary, the main contributions of this work are as
follows:
1)Post-Quantum and TEE-Assisted Secure IIoT Archi-
tecture
We design an end-to-end fog-assisted IIoT secu-
rity architecture integrating PUF-rooted authentica-
tion, CRYSTALS-Kyber key establishment, ChaCha20-
Poly1305 authenticated encryption, and split-phase
lattice-based CP-ABE. Security-sensitive cryptographic
operations are confined within TEEs, while non-sensitive
policy expansion is securely offloaded to the REE, im-
proving secure processing efficiency under post-quantum
protection.
2)Secure and Scalable Micro-Batch Ingestion
We introduce a gateway-assisted validation and de-
terministic micro-batch aggregation mechanism that
performs lightweight packet authentication, malicious
packet filtering, and integrity-protected batch formation
before fog-layer processing. The proposed design re-
duces repeated cryptographic verification overhead and
improves ingestion scalability for high-throughput IIoT
streams.
3)Enclave-Aware and Stability-Aware MFN Selection
We propose a capability-aware Master Fog Node (MFN)
selection mechanism that jointly considers enclave-level
queue dynamics, EPC pressure, runtime trustworthi-
ness, resource availability, and temporal stability. Unlike
conventional node-selection approaches relying only on
coarse-grained metrics, the proposed mechanism enables
more reliable coordination of security-sensitive work-
loads in heterogeneous fog environments.
4)Spider: Hierarchical Multi-Enclave Scheduling
We proposeSpider, a hierarchical enclave-oriented
scheduling framework that jointly performs (i) inter-
node workload orchestration across fog nodes and (ii)
intra-node scheduling across multiple parallel TEE en-
claves. Spider integrates workload profiling, EPC-aware
scheduling, trust-aware routing, computation-reuse op-
timization, and enclave-parallel batch decomposition to
mitigate enclave contention and improve secure process-
ing throughput.
5)Decentralized Fault-Tolerant Secure Recovery
We design a group-based failure detection and secure
workload recovery mechanism that supports authenti-
cated heartbeat monitoring, quorum-based failure confir-
mation, and lightweight enclave-state reassignment un-
der fog-node failures. The proposed recovery mechanism
minimizes recomputation overhead while preserving se-
cure and continuous workload execution in dynamic fog-
assisted IIoT environments.
II. RELATEDWORK
A. Fog-Assisted IIoT Security and TEE-Based Execution
Fog computing has emerged as a key paradigm for enabling
low-latency processing and distributed security services in
Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) systems. By bringing
computation closer to end devices, fog nodes reduce com-
munication overhead and improve responsiveness. However,
ensuring secure authentication, fine-grained access control,
and protected execution in distributed environments remains
challenging.
Lightweight authentication in fog-assisted IIoT is com-
monly achieved using Physical Unclonable Function (PUF)-
based mechanisms. For instance, [1], [2] propose PUF-based
authentication schemes that support group authentication and
efficient device verification with reduced computational over-
head. While these approaches improve scalability and elimi-
nate heavy key storage, they primarily focus on authentication
and message integrity, without addressing fine-grained multi-
user data sharing and access control.
To enable secure data sharing, Ciphertext-Policy Attribute-
Based Encryption (CP-ABE) has been widely adopted. Works
such as [3], [5] provide fine-grained access control and revo-
cation in fog-assisted cloud environments, while [4] further
introduces a lattice-based quantum-resistant CP-ABE scheme
for IoT systems. Although these solutions strengthen confi-
dentiality and access control, they operate independently of
lightweight authentication mechanisms and do not consider
hardware-assisted secure execution.

To protect sensitive computation, Trusted Execution En-
vironments (TEEs) have been investigated at the edge and
fog layers. Paper [6] identifies SGX-related limitations, in-
cluding performance overhead, restricted enclave memory,
and I/O security issues, while [7] shows that practical TEE
implementations remain vulnerable to software, architectural,
side-channel, and microarchitectural attacks. More broadly,
fog-security frameworks [8]–[10] address trust-based secure
computing, lightweight authentication and key management,
and risk-aware access control, but none of them jointly inte-
grate lightweight authentication, post-quantum access control,
and TEE-assisted secure processing into a unified framework.
Therefore, a gap remains for a unified fog-assisted IIoT
framework that combines lightweight authentication, post-
quantum fine-grained access control, and TEE-assisted secure
processing.
B. Post-Quantum Cryptography for IIoT Systems
The rapid development of quantum computing threatens
conventional public-key cryptographic schemes such as RSA
and ECC, motivating the adoption of post-quantum cryptog-
raphy (PQC). Among the major PQC families, lattice-based
cryptography has gained significant attention because of its
strong security foundation and computational efficiency.
CRYSTALS-Kyber and CRYSTALS-Dilithium have
emerged as leading lattice-based candidates for key
encapsulation and digital signatures, respectively. Prior
studies [12], [13] demonstrate their practicality in IIoT and
network-stack settings while also highlighting performance
trade-offs. In particular, [12] integrates lattice-based ML-KEM
and ML-DSA into TLS 1.3 and X.509 for IIoT systems, while
[13] benchmarks Dilithium/Kyber and Falcon/Kyber stacks,
showing trade-offs in execution cost, workload distribution,
and bandwidth.
For resource-constrained environments, [14], [15] further
examine the deployment of PQC in IoT and IIoT set-
tings. In particular, [14] adapts CRYSTALS-Kyber to wireless
and device-to-device communication for constrained devices,
whereas [15] evaluates PQC algorithms in IIoT scenarios in
terms of execution time and energy consumption, showing
that most PQ KEMs are competitive with classical curves and
that hybrid PQC-classical combinations introduce only limited
additional overhead.
To strengthen hardware-level protection, [16] combines Ky-
ber with PUF and TRNG mechanisms to reduce reliance on
stored secrets and improve physical security. Complementary
hardware-rooted works such as [17] also show that PUF-based
authentication can strengthen resistance to impersonation and
physical attacks in IoT settings, although they are not them-
selves full PQC deployment frameworks.
Broader studies such as [18], [19] discuss hybrid quantum-
resistant architectures and PQC adoption in wider networked
and edge-fog environments. These works emphasize issues
such as crypto-agility, scalability, interoperability, and deploy-
ment complexity when integrating post-quantum protection
into practical communication systems.
Despite these advances, existing studies mainly focus on
standalone PQC deployment, protocol benchmarking, or au-
thentication enhancement. The integration of Kyber/Dilithium-
based protection into fog-assisted IIoT architectures, particu-
larly in combination with hardware-bound authentication, fine-
grained access control, and secure execution, still remains
limited. This gap motivates the need for a more integrated
fog-assisted PQC framework.
C. Load Balancing in Heterogeneous Fog Environments
Efficient load balancing is critical in fog-assisted IIoT
systems because fog nodes are inherently heterogeneous in
computational capability, latency, and energy profile. To im-
prove system performance under such conditions, dynamic
scheduling strategies have been widely adopted. Prior works
such as [22] dynamically allocate workloads based on sys-
tem conditions, while [24], [25] consider latency, energy
consumption, and broader fog-cloud resource factors. Multi-
objective optimization approaches such as [26] further attempt
to balance performance metrics including delay, cost, and
energy consumption.
More recent studies have explored the interaction between
load balancing and security. For example, [27] incorporates
energy-aware scheduling near industrial devices, while [28]
introduces secure and energy-aware load balancing in an
SDN-enabled fog environment. In addition, [29], [30] show
that trusted execution environments such as TrustZone or
TEE introduce non-negligible overhead. In particular, [29]
shows that REE–TEE interaction and secure task execu-
tion increase runtime and energy cost, while [30] explicitly
highlights cryptographic-operation overhead and the single-
processor monopoly of TrustZone, both of which directly
affect scheduling decisions.
Table I presents a feature-level comparison of existing
approaches in fog-assisted IIoT environments. Prior works
address important aspects such as fine-grained access control
and revocation in [4], [5], and dynamic load balancing in
fog systems in [22], [37], [39], [40]. In particular, the CP-
ABE-based schemes in [4], [5] provide fine-grained access
control and revocation capabilities, with [4] further supporting
a quantum-resistant construction. However, these security-
focused schemes do not consider the interaction between
access control mechanisms and runtime resource scheduling
in fog-assisted settings. Conversely, existing fog-based load
balancing approaches [22], [37], [39], [40] demonstrate the
effectiveness of dynamic task allocation in improving system
performance, but they generally focus on latency, energy con-
sumption, or workload distribution under conventional security
assumptions. As a result, they do not explicitly account for
the additional computational overhead introduced by post-
quantum cryptography or hardware-assisted secure execution
environments.
Overall, existing works provide valuable foundations in
authentication, access control, and load balancing, but they still
leave open challenges in understanding how security mech-
anisms, particularly lightweight authentication, post-quantum

TABLE I
COMPREHENSIVEFEATURECOMPARISON OFRELATEDWORKS ANDSPIDER
Scheme PUF PQC Fine-Grained AC Revocation TEE Support Fog/Edge Load Balancing
[4]×✓ ✓ ✓×✓×
[5]× ×✓ ✓×✓×
[22]× × × × ×✓ ✓
[34]×✓× ×✓× ×
[35]×✓× × × ×✓
[36]×✓× × × × ×
[37]× × × × ×✓ ✓
[39]× × × × ×✓ ✓
[40]× × × × ×✓ ✓
(Ours)✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
protection, and TEE-assisted secure processing, interact with
adaptive load balancing in heterogeneous fog environments.
This gap motivates the need for a framework that jointly
considers security overhead and runtime scheduling efficiency
in fog-assisted IIoT systems.
III. OURPROPOSEDSYSTEM
This section presents the proposed post-quantum fog-
assisted security architecture for the Industrial Internet of
Things (IIoT), enhanced with a novel Spider-based intelligent
load balancing mechanism.
A. System Model
As illustrated in Fig. 1, the proposed system adopts a layered
architecture consisting of four layers:Edge Layer,Fog Layer,
Cloud Layer, andSecure Layer. A key feature of the design is
the integration of theSpider Schedulerwithin the fog layer,
enabling security-aware, capability-aware, andhierarchical
enclave-awareworkload orchestration across distributed fog
resources.
1) Layered Architecture Overview:
•Edge Layer:Data generation, device authentication, and
initial aggregation.
•Fog Layer:Secure processing and Spider-based work-
load scheduling.
•Cloud Layer:Storage of encrypted IIoT data and meta-
data.
•Secure Layer:Key management and access control via
the Attribute Authority.
2) System Entities and Spider Integration:The system
consists of the following components:
1)Attribute Authority (AA)initializes the lattice-based
CP-ABE scheme, issues attribute keys, and defines ac-
cess policies.
2)IIoT Devicesare resource-constrained nodes equipped
with PUFs for hardware-rooted identity. They perform
lightweight authenticated encryption before transmis-
sion.
3)Edge Gateway (GW)authenticates devices via CRP
validation, verifies packet integrity, and aggregates pack-
ets into batches
Bk ={p 1, . . . , pn}
which are forwarded to the fog layer.
4)CRP Database Serverstores challenge-response pairs
for PUF-based authentication.
5)Master Fog Node (MFN) with Spider Controller
orchestrates scheduling via theSpider Scheduler, which
performs multi-factor routing based on queue state, EPC
availability, latency, workload intensity, node capability,
and trust condition. The engine includes batch profiling,
state monitoring, score computation, node selection, and
secure delegation.
6)Fog Nodes (FN)are TEE-enabled servers hosting mul-
tiple enclaves
Fj ={E j,k}mj
k=1
Each enclave operates independently with local state
(queue, service rate, EPC).
Fog nodes follow adual execution model:
•TEE:Secure operations (key handling, aggregation,
partial CP-ABE)
•REE:Non-sensitive tasks (policy expansion, for-
matting)
Spider performshierarchical scheduling:
•Inter-node (across fog nodes)
•Intra-node (across enclaves)
A bounded resource model ensures stable operation
under EPC constraints.
7)Spider-Based Secure Delegationsupports workload
migration using post-quantum encapsulation (e.g., Ky-
ber) to protect intermediate states.
8)Cloud Storageis honest-but-curious and stores only
encrypted data.
9)Authorized Users (AUs)decrypt data if their attributes
satisfy CP-ABE policies.
B. Threat Model
We consider a strong PPT adversary with full control over
public communication channels in the IIoT environment, tar-
geting devices, networks, fog infrastructure, and cloud storage.
Adversary Capabilities.The adversary can observe, inject,
modify, replay, and delay messages, and may compromise
components outside trusted execution boundaries.

Fig. 1. Spider-Enabled Fog Computing Architecture for Secure IIoT Data Processing
•Device Attacks:Impersonation, data forgery, and replay
of captured transmissions.
•Network Adversary:Full control of communication
links, enabling eavesdropping, modification, replay, delay,
and DoS attacks.
•Compromised Fog (REE):The REE may be fully
compromised, allowing memory inspection and execution
manipulation, while TEE preserves enclave confidential-
ity and integrity.
•Faulty/Malicious Fog Nodes:Nodes may produce in-
correct results or delays due to faults or overload; Spider
mitigates this via trust- and capability-aware scheduling.
•Scheduler Attacks:Injection of false node metrics or
workload manipulation to disrupt scheduling decisions.
•TEE Side-Channel Attacks:Leakage via timing or
memory access patterns; partially mitigated but not elim-
inated.
•Unauthorized Access:Adversaries attempt to bypass
CP-ABE policies to access encrypted cloud data.
•Data Integrity Attacks:Tampering with ciphertext,
metadata, or intermediate results.
•Quantum Adversary:Capable of breaking classical
cryptography; security relies on post-quantum assump-
tions.
C. System Process
The proposed scheme operates through seven phases:
system initialization, hardware-bound IIoT encryption,
gateway validation and micro-batch formation, capability-
aware leader election, dynamic load balancing, TEE-assisted
split-phase CP-ABE processing, and authorized user
decryption.
Phase I: System Initialization:The Attribute Authority
(AA) initializes the lattice-based CP-ABE system by gener-
ating public parameters and master secret keys. To preserve
semantic privacy against untrusted host environments, the AA
defines a universe of attributesΩand a collision-resistant
hash functionH:{0,1} ∗ →Z q. For each semantic attribute
attrj ∈Ω, the AA computes a deterministic identifier:
ID j =H(attr j)(1)
The AA executes lattice trapdoor generation to produce the
Master Public Key (M P K) and Master Secret Key (M SK),
binding public parameter matrices to the hashed identifiers:
(M P K, M SK)←Setup(1 λ,{ID j}n
j=1)(2)
To eliminate repeated policy expansion overhead, the access
structure is precomputed during system initialization. Specifi-
cally, the policy treeT IDis transformed into its Linear Secret
Sharing Scheme (LSSS) representation and cached for reuse.
(M, ρID)←PolicyTreeGen(T ID)(3)
Cpolicy(T ID) = (M, ρ ID)(4)
Authorized users are issued attribute-linked secret keys:
SKu ←KeyGen(M SK,{ID j}j∈Attru)(5)

Gateway InitializationThe gateway generate a
CRYSTALS-Kyber key pair as follow:
(pkGW , skGW )←KeyGen Kyber (1λ)(6)
wherepk GW denotes the public key,sk GW denotes the
corresponding secret key,1 λ represents the security parameter
of lengthλ, andKeyGen Kyber is the key generation algorithm
of the CRYSTALS-Kyber scheme.
The IIoT device derive a secret key and cipherkey using
post-quantum key encapsulation every:
(cgkem,i, kgkem,i)←Encap Kyber (pkGW )(7)
Fog Node InitializationEach fog node initializes its
post-quantum communication capability by generating a
CRYSTALS-Kyber key pair:
(pkF N, skF N)←KeyGen Kyber (1λ)(8)
The public keypk F N is distributed to registered IIoT devices
for secure key establishment.
Kyber PrecomputationTo accelerate lattice-based opera-
tions, each fog node precomputes the expanded public matrix
and its Number Theoretic Transform (NTT) representation.
This enables efficient polynomial operations during encapsu-
lation and decapsulation.
A←ExpandA(seed F N)(9)
ˆA=NTT(A)(10)
CKyber (Fj) = ˆA(11)
In practical deployments, cached cryptographic structures are
not uniformly distributed across fog nodes. Therefore, we
assume that only a subset of nodes maintains precomputed
policy and Kyber components, reflecting realistic workload
locality.
To support hierarchical scheduling in Spider, each fog node
initializes multiple TEE enclaves for parallel secure execution
and local workload isolation. and initializes local telemetry
monitors to track enclave-level states, including queue length,
service rate, and EPC availability. These metrics are periodi-
cally reported to the Master Fog Node (MFN) to enable global
scheduling decisions.
Policy PreparationIIoT devices (or associated gateways)
pre-compute hashed attribute identifiers and construct the
access policy treeT ID using{ID j}, ensuring that no
semantic attribute information is exposed during encryption
and evaluation.
Phase II: Hardware-Bound IIoT Encryption:When de-
viceID i senses datam i, it first derives a hardware-bound
secret using a Physical Unclonable Function (PUF). A noisy
response is obtained and reconstructed into a stable secret via
a fuzzy extractor:
Rnoisy,i ←f P U F(Ci)(12)
Rsecret,i ←FuzzyRep(R noisy,i, HDi)(13)
The device then performs post-quantum key encapsulation
to the fog node public key:
(ckem,i, kkem,i)←Encap Kyber (pkF N)(14)
A device-bound session key is derived as:
KS,i =KDF(H(k kem,i)∥R secret,i ∥ID i ∥t i ∥ctr i)(15)
The associated authenticated data (AAD) is constructed as:
AADi =ID i ∥t i ∥ctr i (16)
The sensed data is encrypted using ChaCha20-Poly1305:
(CT i, T agi)←ChaCha20-Poly1305.Enc(K S,i, Ni, mi, AADi)
(17)
To enable gateway-side packet authentication and early
filtering, the device computes a message authentication code
usingkg kem,i:
Authi ←MAC kgkem,i(ID i ∥M etadata∥c kem,i ∥CT i ∥T ag i ∥t i)
(18)
Finally, the device transmits the packet to the gateway:
Pi ={ID i, M etadata, ckem,i, cgkem,i, CTi, Ni, AADi, T agi, Authi}
(19)
Phase III: Gateway Validation and Micro-Batch Forma-
tion:Upon receiving packets from IIoT devices, the gateway
performs authentication and integrity verification to filter out
invalid or malicious inputs before forwarding data to the fog
layer.
For each received packetP i, the gateway recomputes the
message authentication code using the derived kyber key:
kgkem,i ←Decap Kyber (cgkem,i)(20)
Auth′
i ←MAC kgkem,i(ID i ∥M etadata∥c kem,i ∥CT i ∥T ag i ∥t i)
(21)
The packet is accepted only ifAuth ′
i =Auth i. Otherwise,
it is discarded. This ensures that only packets originating from
legitimate devices with valid session keys are admitted into the
system.
All validated packets collected within a fixed time window
twindow are grouped into a micro-batch. LetP valid denote the
set of validated packets. To ensure batch-level integrity and
prevent tampering, the gateway computes a group authentica-
tion tag:
GT ag←H(Sort(Auth i |P i ∈ P valid)∥t G)(22)
whereSort(·)enforces deterministic ordering andt G is the
gateway timestamp.
The micro-batch is then constructed as:
Bk = (BID,P valid, GT ag, tG)(23)
The validated batchB k is forwarded to the Master Fog Node
(MFN) for scheduling under Spider.
Remark:Under the hierarchical scheduling model intro-
duced in Phase IV , the batchB k may be processed as a whole

Algorithm 1Gateway Validation and Micro-Batch Formation
Require:Incoming packet stream during epocht window
Ensure:Validated micro-batchB k
1:P valid ← ∅
2:M ← ∅
3:for allreceived packetsP i do
4:Compute:
5:kg kem,i ←Decap Kyber (cgkem,i)
6:Auth ′
i ←MAC kgkem,i
 
ID i ∥M etadata∥c kem,i ∥
CT i ∥T ag i ∥t i
!
7:ifAuth ′
i =Auth i then
8:P valid ← P valid ∪ {Pi}
9:M ← M ∪ {Auth i}
10:else
11:DiscardP i
12:end if
13:end for
14:ifP valid =∅then
15:return∅
16:end if
17:t G ←GatewayTimestamp()
18:Compute: [GT ag←H(Sort(M)∥t G)]
19:B k ←BID,P valid, GT ag, tG
20:returnB k
or decomposed into sub-batchesB (1)
k , . . . , B(r)
k to enable
enclave-parallel execution.
The complete validation and micro-batch formation proce-
dure is summarized in Algorithm 1.
Phase IV: Spider Hierarchical Enclave-Oriented Load
Balancing:This phase presentsSpider(Secure Priority-
Aware Intelligent Dual-Level Enclave Routing), a hierarchical
scheduling framework for security-aware and enclave-parallel
workload orchestration in heterogeneous fog-assisted IIoT
environments.
Unlike conventional fog schedulers that treat each fog node
as a single execution entity, Spider explicitly models multiple
parallel TEEs within each fog node and performs: (i)inter-
node schedulingacross fog nodes, and (ii)intra-node enclave
schedulingacross local enclaves.
This hierarchical design improves secure workload distribu-
tion, mitigates EPC contention, and enables adaptive enclave-
parallel execution under dynamic IIoT workloads.
1) Hierarchical Resource Model:Each fog node is modeled
as:
Fj ={E j,k |k= 1, . . . , m j}(24)
wherem j denotes the number of enclaves hosted by fog node
Fj.
Each enclave maintains:
Ψ(Ej,k) = (qj,k, µj,k, M f ree
j,k , ρj,k)(25)
whereq j,k denotes queue length,µ j,k denotes average service
rate,M f ree
j,k denotes available EPC memory, andρ j,k captures
enclave contention and paging intensity.
The normalized EPC availability ratio is:
ϵj =
M f ree
j
M total
j
(26)
whereM f ree
j andM total
j denote available and total EPC
memory, respectively.
The capability score is defined as:
Cj =α cCP Uj +β cM EMj +γ cBWj (27)
whereCP U j denotes the normalized processing capability of
fog nodeF j,M EM j denotes normalized memory availability,
BWj denotes normalized network bandwidth capacity.
The runtime trust-health score is defined as:
Uj =wR attest(Fj) +w bRinteg(Fj) +w c(1−A nomaly(Fj))
(28)
whereR attest(Fj)denotes as a ratio of successful enclave
attestations,R integ denotes integration verifying pass rate,
Anomaly denotes as the abnormal event rate
To capture the nonlinear behavior of EPC paging overhead
under enclave saturation, Spider models EPC pressure as:
ρepc(Fj) = 1
1 +e −κ(ϵj −τepc) (29)
whereτ epc denotes the EPC saturation threshold andκcontrols
overload sensitivity.
2) Batch Profiling:Upon receiving a validated batchB k,
the Master Fog Node (MFN) constructs:
Φ(Bk) = (Sk, ωk, ηk, δk)(30)
whereS k denotes batch size,ω k denotes workload intensity,η k
denotes security urgency, andδ k denotes deadline sensitivity.
Spider estimates workload intensity using normalized work-
load and enclave-related factors:
ωk =β 1 ˆSk +β 2dAttrk +β 3 \Depthk +β 4\EP Ck (31)
where ˆSk, dAttrk, \Depthk, and \EP Ck denote normalized
batch size, attribute complexity, policy depth, and estimated
enclave-memory pressure, respectively.
The urgency score is:
ηk =γ 1
Nsusp(Bk)
|Bk| +γ 2AnomalyF lag(Bk)(32)
whereN susp(Bk)denotes suspicious packets detected during
gateway validation. AnomalyFlag is boolean value denote that
this batch has anomaly or bit error?
Deadline urgency is normalized as:
δk = 1− Dk −t now
Dmax
(33)
Dk, Dmax denotes as deadline of this batch and all deadline?

3) Fog Node State Model:Each fog node periodically
reports:
Ψ(Fj) = (QT EE
j , QREE
j , µT EE
j , µREE
j , Lj, ϵj, Cj, Uj)(34)
whereQ T EE
j andQ REE
j denote queue lengths,µ T EE
j and
µREE
j denote average service rates,L j denotes network
latency,ϵ j denoted as EPC availibility ratio,C j denotes
capability score, andU j denotes runtime trust-health score.
Telemetry collection is performed asynchronously using
lightweight epoch-based monitoring to minimize scheduling
overhead.
Level 1: Inter-Node Scheduling:Spider selects the optimal
fog node by minimizing a multi-factor scheduling score.
The waiting-time approximation is:
Twait(Fj) = QT EE
j + 1
µT EE
j
+ QREE
j + 1
µREE
j
(35)
which assumes bounded workload variance within each
scheduling epoch.
The EPC pressure penalty is:
Pepc(Fj, Bk) =ρ epc(Fj) M req
k
M f ree
j
(36)
The enclave memory requirementM req
k is estimated using an
offline-calibrated cryptographic cost model.
The capability and trust penalties are:
Pcap(Fj, Bk) = max(0, ωk −C j)(37)
Ptrust(Fj) = (1−U j)(38)
To reduce redundant computation, Spider prioritizes fog
nodes with reusable cached structures:
Rreuse(Fj, Bk) =θ 1Ipolicy(Fj, Bk) +θ 2IKyber (Fj)(39)
whereI policy andI Kyber denote reusable policy-cache and
cryptographic-cache indicators, respectively.
The final scheduling score is:
SpiderScore(F j, Bk) =w1Twait(Fj) +w 2Lj +w 3Pepc
+w 4Pcap +w 5Ptrust
−w 6ηkUj −w 7δkµT EE
j
−w 8Rreuse(Fj, Bk)
(40)
The selected fog node is:
F ∗ = arg min
Fj ∈Ff easible
SpiderScore(F j, Bk)(41)
Level 2: Intra-Node Enclave Scheduling:After selecting
F ∗, Spider performs enclave-level scheduling.
The enclave waiting-time approximation is:
Twait(Ej,k) = qj,k + 1
µj,k
(42)
The enclave EPC penalty is:
Pepc(Ej,k, Bk) = max
 
0, M req
k
M f ree
j,k
−τ
!2
(43)
Spider estimates workload affinity using weighted overlap
among policy structures, attribute distributions, and batch-
scale characteristics:
A(Ej,k, Bk) =
(
1, Sim(B a, Bk)≥τ sim
0, otherwise (44)
whereSim(·)denotes workload similarity estimation,τ sim
denotes threshold ofSim(·).
The enclave scheduling score is:
EnclaveScore(E j,k, Bk) =z1Twait(Ej,k)
+z 2Pepc(Ej,k, Bk)
+z 3pj,k
−z 4A(Ej,k, Bk)
(45)
The selected enclave is:
E∗ = arg min
Ej,k∈F ∗
EnclaveScore(E j,k, Bk)(46)
4) Parallel Batch Decomposition:To exploit enclave-level
parallelism, Spider decomposes:
Bk → {B (1)
k , . . . , B(r)
k }(47)
whereris adaptively determined according to enclave avail-
ability, queue state, EPC capacity, and workload intensity.
Spider assumes cryptographic independence among sub-
batches and enforces deterministic merge ordering during
secure aggregation.
Each sub-batch is independently scheduled:
E∗(i) = arg minEnclaveScore(E j,k, B(i)
k )(48)
This enables concurrent cryptographic execution while re-
ducing enclave contention and end-to-end latency.
5) Admission and Stability Control:A task is admitted only
if:
M f ree
j,k ≥αM req
k (49)
whereα >1denotes a conservative EPC safety margin.
To reduce scheduling oscillation under bursty workloads,
Spider applies exponential score smoothing:
Sj(t) =α sSj(t) + (1−α s)Sj(t−1)(50)
A scheduling update is triggered only if:
|Sj(t)− Sj(t−1)| ≥ζ(51)
6) Secure Delegation:If no feasible enclave exists, Spider
performs secure delegation using lightweight continuation
metadata:
Ξk = (ID k, M etak, CT partial
k , Ak, Tk, epochk, σk)(52)
Spider delegates only non-sensitive continuation states
rather than full enclave memory images, thereby reducing
migration overhead and minimizing enclave-state exposure.
The epoch identifier and signature prevent stale-state replay
and unauthorized delegation injection.
Delegation confidentiality is protected using Kyber-based
post-quantum encapsulation.

The overall scheduling complexity is:
O

|F |+
X
j
mj

 (53)
Spider therefore transforms conventional fog scheduling
into a hierarchical enclave-oriented orchestration framework
that jointly optimizes secure throughput, EPC utilization,
workload stability, and latency-aware execution for large-scale
post-quantum IIoT environments.
Phase V: Multi-Enclave TEE-Assisted Split-Phase CP-
ABE Processing:After receiving the validated batchB k,
the selected fog nodeF ∗ performs secure enclave-parallel
processing using a two-level architecture: (i) enclave-parallel
authenticated aggregation and (ii) split-phase lattice-based CP-
ABE encryption.
Unlike conventional fog-assisted aggregation approaches
that expose intermediate plaintext aggregation to the untrusted
runtime environment, the proposed design ensures that all
plaintext processing, chunk encryption, key derivation, and
aggregation authentication remain strictly inside TEE bound-
aries. The REE only handles encrypted aggregation chunks and
blinded CP-ABE expansion components, thereby preventing
replay, reordering, omission, duplication, and manipulation of
enclave outputs.
Step 1: Batch Integrity Verification (REE):The fog node
first verifies the integrity of the gateway-formed batch by
recomputing:
GT ag′ ←H(Sort({Auth i |P i ∈ P valid})∥t G)(54)
The batch is accepted only if:
GT ag′ =GT ag(55)
Otherwise, the batch is discarded.
Step 2: Secure Parallel Batch Decomposition:Based on
Spider scheduling, the validated batch is either processed as a
whole or decomposed into enclave-parallel sub-batches:
Bk → {B (1)
k , . . . , B(r)
k }(56)
whererdenotes the enclave-parallel decomposition factor.
Unlike static partitioning approaches, Spider dynamically
determinesraccording to:
•Available enclave instances
•EPC memory availability
•Current enclave queue occupancy
•Batch size
•Estimated cryptographic processing cost
Let:
•|B k|denote the number of packets in the batch
•¯s k denote the average packet size
•M EP C denote available EPC memory
•Q j denote enclave queue occupancy
•N E denote the number of available enclaves
•α enc denote estimated encryption cost per packet
•α agg denote aggregation cost per packet
Spider first estimates the expected enclave workload:
W(B k) =|B k| ·(α enc +α agg)(57)
To prevent EPC overflow during enclave-resident aggrega-
tion, Spider constrains the maximum sub-batch size:
|B(i)
k | ·¯sk ≤ηM EP C (58)
where:
0< η <1
is a safety factor reserving EPC memory for enclave runtime,
metadata buffers, and cryptographic state.
The decomposition factor is then computed as:
r= min

NE,
 |Bk| ·¯sk
ηMEP C

+
 W(B k)
Γmax

+Q j

(59)
whereΓ max denotes the maximum sustainable cryptographic
workload per enclave during one scheduling interval.
If:
r= 1(60)
Spider processes the batch sequentially within a single enclave
to avoid unnecessary orchestration overhead.
Otherwise, Spider partitions the batch intorapproximately
balanced sub-batches:
|B(i)
k | ≈ |Bk|
r (61)
To guarantee exact-once processing under parallel execu-
tion, Spider enforces:
r[
i=1
B(i)
k =B k (62)
B(i)
k ∩B (j)
k =∅,∀i̸=j(63)
Each sub-batch is assigned:
SubID i =H(BID∥i∥epoch k)(64)
and dispatched to enclaveE ∗(i)
This adaptive decomposition strategy enables Spider to:
•Prevent EPC paging under high-volume IIoT streams
•Balance cryptographic workloads across enclaves
•Minimize aggregation latency
•Avoid enclave oversubscription
•Support scalable enclave-parallel secure aggregation
Step 3: Enclave-Parallel Secure Aggregation and Chunk
Encryption (TEE):A fresh master aggregation key is first
generated inside the trusted enclave:
K master
AES ← {0,1} 256 (65)
Each enclave independently processes its assigned sub-
batch. For every packetP ℓ ∈B (i)
k , the enclave decrypts:
mℓ ←ChaCha20-Poly1305.Dec(K S,ℓ, Nℓ, CTℓ, AADℓ, T agℓ)
(66)

Ciphertexts failing integrity verification are immediately
discarded.
To reduce EPC pressure under large-scale IIoT streams,
Spider performs streaming enclave aggregation instead of
materializing the entire plaintext batch simultaneously inside
EPC memory.
The enclave incrementally updates:
Sj =H(S j−1 ∥m j)(67)
whereS j denotes the progressive aggregation state.
The enclave derives a deterministic chunk-encryption key:
K(i)
chunk =KDF(K master
AES ∥BID∥SubID i ∥epoch k)(68)
A fresh initialization vector is generated:
IV i ← {0,1} 96 (69)
The enclave incrementally encrypts the local aggregation
chunk:
(Ci, T agi)←AES-GCM.Enc(K (i)
chunk, IVi,M i, AADi)
(70)
whereM i denotes the enclave-local streaming aggregation
chunk andAAD i denotes the corresponding authenticated
metadata stream.
To cryptographically bind the enclave output to the execu-
tion context, the enclave computes:
hi =H(BID∥SubID i ∥epoch k ∥C i ∥T ag i ∥IV i ∥AAD i)
(71)
The enclave further generates an authenticated execution
token:
τi =MAC KT EE
i
(hi)(72)
whereK T EE
i is an enclave-sealed authentication key estab-
lished during enclave initialization or attestation.
The enclave outputs:
Γi = (SubID i, Ci, T agi, IVi, AADi, hi, τi)(73)
Importantly, plaintext aggregation states never leave the TEE
boundary.
Step 4: Trusted Deterministic Merge and Aggregation Com-
mitment:After enclave processing completes, a trusted merger
enclave verifies each authenticated enclave output:
VerifyMACKT EE
i
(hi, τi)(74)
Invalid enclave outputs are rejected immediately.
To eliminate nondeterministic aggregation behavior under
parallel execution, Spider applies deterministic merge order-
ing:
O=SortBy(SubID i)(75)
Encrypted aggregation chunks are merged according toO:
CT AES =Γi∈O Ci (76)
Similarly:
T agAES =Γi∈O T agi (77)
AADagg =Γi∈O AADi (78)
The aggregation initialization-vector set is:
IV={IV i}r
i=1 (79)
Let:
(h(1), . . . , h(r))(80)
denote the enclave digests ordered according toO.
Spider computes the global aggregation commitment:
Rootk =H(BID∥epoch k ∥r∥h (1) ∥h (2) ∥ · · · ∥h (r))
(81)
Since the digest sequence follows deterministic order-
ing, any replay, duplication, omission, or reordering changes
Rootk.
Therefore,Root k acts as a lightweight authenticated aggre-
gation commitment over all enclave-parallel outputs.
Step 5: Partial CP-ABE Encryption within TEE:To protect
the master aggregation key under the access policy, the enclave
initiates lattice-based CP-ABE encryption.
The enclave samples:
s,e 0,e base ←χ(82)
and constructs:
v= (s, y 2, . . . , yn)⊤ (83)
The core ciphertext component is:
CT0 =A ⊤s+e 0 +K master
AES
j q
2
k
(modq)(84)
To enable efficient REE-side policy expansion, the enclave
constructs:
Vbase =C base(T ID)v+e base (85)
Since:
Cbase(T ID) =A ⊤ (86)
is independent of runtime randomness, Spider precomputes
and caches the matrix transpose per access policy.
Only blinded non-sensitive components are exported:
Ψout = (CT AES , T agAES ,IV, CT 0,V base, T ID, Rootk)
(87)
Sensitive values including:
s,v, K master
AES , K (i)
chunk,M i
remain strictly inside the enclave and are erased after execu-
tion.
Step 6: CP-ABE Completion in REE:The REE completes
only the non-sensitive policy expansion.
The cached LSSS representation is retrieved:
(M, ρID)← C policy(T ID)(88)
For each row:
CT i =M iVbase +A ⊤
ρID(i)ri +e 1,i (modq)(89)
The final CP-ABE ciphertext becomes:
CT L-ABE = (CT0,(M, ρ ID),{CT i}ℓ
i=1)(90)

This split-phase design confines all sensitive randomness,
plaintext aggregation, and key derivation operations within
TEE boundaries while allowing the REE to perform only
blinded matrix expansion.
Step 7: Signature and Secure Upload:The fog node signs
the encrypted aggregation object together with the aggregation
commitment:
σ←Sign Dilithium

skF N, H(BID∥CT AES ∥T ag AES
∥ IV ∥CT L-ABE ∥Root k)

(91)
The final uploaded object is:
Ω = (BID, CT AES , T agAES ,IV, CT L-ABE , Rootk, σ)
(92)
Final Remark:Although processing is parallelized across
multiple enclaves, Spider outputs a single deterministic
and verifiable ciphertext objectΩ. Through exact partition
constraints, streaming EPC-aware aggregation, enclave-
authenticated chunk generation, deterministic merge ordering,
and aggregation commitment binding, the proposed design
prevents replay, duplication, omission, reordering, and
REE-side manipulation while preserving scalable enclave-
parallel secure processing for large-scale post-quantum IIoT
environments.
Phase VI: User Verification and Decryption:An autho-
rized user retrieves the encrypted objectΩfrom cloud storage:
Ω = (BID, epoch k, CTAES ,D k, CTL-ABE , Rootk, σ)(93)
where:
Dk ={(SubID i,|C i|, AADi, IVi, T agi)}r
i=1 (94)
denotes the authenticated chunk manifest containing chunk or-
dering, ciphertext boundaries, metadata, initialization vectors,
and authentication tags.
The user then performs integrity verification, policy valida-
tion, CP-ABE decryption, aggregation verification, chunk-key
reconstruction, and deterministic plaintext recovery.
Step 1: Integrity and Authenticity Verification:The user first
verifies the integrity and origin of the encrypted object using
the fog node’s public verification key:
VerifyDilithium

pkF N, σ, H(BID∥epoch k ∥CT AES
∥ D k ∥CT L-ABE ∥Root k)
 (95)
If verification fails, the ciphertext is rejected immediately.
This step guarantees that the encrypted aggregation chunks,
chunk metadata, initialization vectors, authentication tags, and
aggregation commitment have not been modified, replayed,
reordered, duplicated, or partially omitted.
Step 2: Policy Satisfaction Check:Let:
(M, ρID)(96)
be the LSSS access structure embedded inCT L-ABE
The user verifies whether the possessed attribute setAttr u
satisfies the access policy.
If satisfied, the user derives reconstruction coefficients{ω i}
such that: X
i∈I
ωiMi = (1,0, . . . ,0)(97)
Otherwise, decryption is aborted.
Step 3: Ciphertext Share Evaluation:Using the attribute-
based secret keySK u, the user evaluates:
C ′
i ←Eval(CT i, SKu)≈M iVbase +e eval,i (98)
This operation reconstructs the blinded secret-sharing com-
ponents associated with the satisfied access structure.
Step 4: Secret Reconstruction:The user reconstructs the
blinded vector:
Crec =
X
i∈I
ωiC ′
i ≈A ⊤s+e total (99)
Correct decryption succeeds when the aggregated lattice
noise remains within the decoding threshold.
Step 5: Master Aggregation Key Recovery:The master
aggregation key is recovered as:
K master
AES ←Decode(⌊CT 0 −C rec⌉2)(100)
This key serves as the root secret used to derive all enclave-
generated chunk encryption keys.
Step 6: Chunk Parsing and Aggregation Commitment Veri-
fication:Using the authenticated chunk manifestD k, the user
parses:
CT AES =C 1 ∥C 2 ∥ · · · ∥C r (101)
where chunk boundaries are determined using the recorded
ciphertext lengths|C i|.
For each chunk descriptor:
(SubID i,|C i|, AADi, IVi, T agi)∈ D k (102)
the user recomputes:
hi =H(BID∥SubID i ∥epoch k ∥C i ∥T ag i ∥IV i ∥AAD i)
(103)
Let:
(h(1), . . . , h(r))(104)
denote the digest sequence ordered according to:
O=SortBy(SubID i)(105)
The user recomputes:
Root′
k =H(BID∥epoch k ∥r∥h (1) ∥h (2) ∥ · · · ∥h (r))
(106)
The encrypted aggregation object is accepted only if:
Root′
k =Root k (107)
This step guarantees aggregation completeness and prevents
chunk replay, duplication, omission, substitution, and reorder-
ing attacks.

Step 7: Chunk Key Derivation and Parallel Decryption:
For each aggregation chunk, the user derives:
K(i)
chunk =KDF(K master
AES ∥BID∥SubID i ∥epoch k)
(108)
The user then decrypts:
Mi ←AES-GCM.Dec(K (i)
chunk, IVi, Ci, AADi, T agi)
(109)
Chunks failing integrity verification are discarded immedi-
ately.
Since chunk decryption is independent, Spider supports
parallel client-side decryption across multiple processing cores
or trusted execution contexts.
Step 8: Deterministic Aggregation Recovery:The decrypted
aggregation chunks are reordered according to:
O=SortBy(SubID i)(110)
The original aggregated IIoT plaintext is reconstructed as:
Magg =Mi∈O Mi (111)
Thus, only users whose attributes satisfy the access
policy can recover the complete aggregated IIoT data while
preserving aggregation integrity, deterministic ordering, and
resistance against replay, omission, duplication, reordering,
and ciphertext manipulation attacks.
IV. ENCLAVE-AWARE ANDSTABILITY-AWAREMASTER
FOGNODEELECTION
To coordinate hierarchical workload scheduling in Spider,
we propose an enclave-aware and stability-aware Master Fog
Node (MFN) election mechanism. Unlike conventional leader-
election schemes that rely only on coarse-grained node metrics
such as CPU or memory utilization, the proposed mechanism
explicitly incorporates enclave-level workload dynamics, EPC
pressure, execution trustworthiness, and temporal stability.
This enables Spider to select a reliable control-plane co-
ordinator capable of efficiently managing security-sensitive
workloads in heterogeneous fog-assisted IIoT environments.
A. Capability and Security-Aware Scoring
Spider first computes a normalized multi-resource capability
score for each fog nodeF j.
Each fog nodeF j periodically computes a composite capa-
bility and security-aware score:
Score(F j) =α 1Cj +α 2Mj −α 3Nj +α 4Rj +α 5Tj (112)
whereC j represents capability score,M j represents available
enclave memory resources,N j represents network latency to
neighboring nodes or gateways,R j denotes node readiness,
andT j captures execution trustworthiness.
The trust componentT j is derived from runtime security
indicators such as enclave attestation success rate, integrity
verification outcomes, and abnormal execution behavior. By
integrating trust-awareness into leader election, Spider pre-
vents control-plane coordination from being assigned to nodes
exhibiting unstable or suspicious execution patterns.
B. Enclave-Aware Node Readiness
To accurately capture the runtime condition of each fog
node, Spider computes readiness by jointly considering
enclave-level and node-level resource conditions:
Rj = 1−
 
β1 · 1
mj
mjX
k=1
Qj,k
Qmax
+β 2 ·ρ epc(Fj)
+β 3 · QREE
j
QREEmax
! (113)
whereQ j,k denotes the queue length of enclaveE j,k,m j is
the number of enclaves hosted by nodeF j,ρ epc(Fj)captures
EPC memory pressure, andQ REE
j represents backlog within
the untrusted execution environment (REE).
The readiness score is normalized such that:
0≤R j ≤1(114)
Unlike traditional node-level monitoring approaches, this
formulation explicitly captures fine-grained enclave imbal-
ance and secure-execution contention. Consequently, Spider
can more accurately estimate a node’s ability to coordinate
security-sensitive workloads under dynamic enclave utilization
and EPC constraints.
C. Stability-Aware MFN Selection
To avoid frequent leader oscillations under fluctuating work-
loads, Spider incorporates temporal stability into the leader-
election process:
M F N= arg max
Fj ∈Fcandidate
(Score(F j)−γ·∆Score(F j))
(115)
where∆Score(F j)captures short-term variations in node
capability and runtime stability. The penalty term discourages
selecting nodes with unstable performance, thereby improving
control-plane continuity and reducing coordination overhead.
Candidate nodes are selected according to the readiness
constraint:
Fj ∈ F candidate ifR j ≥τ(116)
whereτdenotes the minimum readiness threshold required for
participating in MFN election.
D. Control-Plane Coordination
After election, the MFN transitions into a dedicated control-
plane coordinator responsible for global Spider scheduling,
including inter-node workload distribution and intra-node en-
clave assignment. Residual local workloads may be redis-
tributed to neighboring fog nodes to prevent bottlenecks
caused by simultaneous control-plane and data-plane execu-
tion.
This separation between coordination and workload exe-
cution improves scalability and scheduling responsiveness in
large-scale heterogeneous fog environments.
The proposed MFN election mechanism therefore pro-
vides a stable and security-aware foundation for coordinating

enclave-parallel workload scheduling in Spider. When MFN
degradation or node failure is detected, Spider subsequently
invokes the distributed group-based failure detection and se-
cure workload recovery mechanism described in the following
section.
V. GROUP-BASEDFAILUREDETECTION ANDSECURE
WORKLOADRECOVERY
Large-scale heterogeneous fog environments may contain
a substantial number of fog nodes operating under dynamic
workloads and varying network conditions. In such settings,
requiring every fog node to continuously transmit heartbeat
messages directly to the Master Fog Node (MFN) introduces
excessive control-plane traffic, increases monitoring overhead,
and creates scalability bottlenecks under high node density.
Moreover, centralized monitoring may degrade responsiveness
and increase failure-detection latency when the MFN becomes
heavily loaded.
To address these limitations, Spider adopts a decentralized
group-based failure detection and secure workload recov-
ery mechanism. Instead of centralized heartbeat collection,
fog nodes are partitioned into small neighboring monitoring
groups that collaboratively exchange state information and
detect failures locally. This design distributes monitoring re-
sponsibility across the fog infrastructure, reduces control-plane
congestion, and improves scalability in dynamic fog-assisted
IIoT environments.
A. Group-Based Collaborative Failure Detection
The fog layer is partitioned into localized monitoring
groups:
Gi ={F 1, F2, . . . , Fs}(117)
whereG i denotes thei-th monitoring group andsdenotes the
group size satisfying:
3≤s≤7(118)
Small bounded-size groups reduce heartbeat overhead while
preserving reliable collaborative failure confirmation. Impor-
tantly, the group size does not increase with the total number of
fog nodesN. Instead, Spider scales by increasing the number
of groups:
g=
 N
s

(119)
wheregdenotes the number of monitoring groups. Conse-
quently, the per-node monitoring overhead remains bounded
byO(s)while the total monitoring overhead scales linearly
with the fog-layer size.
At each monitoring intervalt, fog nodeF j broadcasts an
authenticated heartbeat message to neighboring peers:
Heartbeat(F j, t) = (IDj, t, epochj, statusj, σj)(120)
whereID j denotes the fog-node identifier,trepresents the
heartbeat timestamp,epoch j identifies the local monitoring
epoch,status j contains summarized runtime telemetry infor-
mation, andσ j denotes an integrity-protection token generated
using a post-quantum signature or authenticated MAC.
The authenticated heartbeat prevents forged heartbeat injec-
tion, replay manipulation, and malicious state falsification by
compromised nodes.
Each neighboring node continuously monitors heartbeat
freshness. The elapsed heartbeat interval for fog nodeF j is
computed as:
∆tj =t current −t last(Fj)(121)
wheret current denotes the current monitoring time and
tlast(Fj)represents the timestamp of the most recently re-
ceived heartbeat from nodeF j
A fog node is initially marked as suspicious if:
∆tj > τ h (122)
whereτ h denotes the predefined heartbeat timeout threshold.
To reduce false-positive failure detection caused by transient
congestion, communication delay, or temporary scheduling
latency, Spider adopts quorum-based collaborative confirma-
tion. Letqdenote the minimum number of neighboring peers
required to confirm a failure:
q≥
l s
2
m
(123)
A fog node is declared failed only if at leastqneighboring
nodes independently observe timeout violations. Once con-
firmed, the failed node is removed from the Spider scheduling
pool and excluded from subsequent workload assignment
operations.
This decentralized collaborative design eliminates central-
ized monitoring bottlenecks while improving fault-detection
robustness and scalability under dynamic fog conditions.
B. Secure Workload Preservation and Recovery
To preserve workload continuity during node failures, Spi-
der maintains a lightweight secure delegation capsule before
enclave execution begins. Unlike conventional checkpointing
approaches that replicate complete enclave memory, Spider
preserves only essential workload metadata and partially pro-
cessed cryptographic states required for secure reassignment.
This significantly reduces synchronization overhead, commu-
nication cost, and enclave-state migration complexity.
The secure delegation capsule is represented as:
Ξk = (ID k, SubID k, P rogk, M etak, CT partial
k , Tk, epochk, σk)
(124)
whereID k denotes the workload identifier,SubID k denotes
the enclave-parallel sub-batch identifier,P rog k represents
workload execution progress,M eta k contains scheduling
metadata,CT partial
k stores partially processed cryptographic
state,T k denotes timestamp information,epoch k identifies the
recovery epoch, andσ k provides integrity and authenticity
protection.

The inclusion of timestamps, epochs, and authenticated
integrity protection prevents stale-state replay, unauthorized
workload injection, and malicious recovery-state manipulation.
When a fog node failure is confirmed, Spider identifies
all unfinished workloads associated with the failed node and
extracts only incomplete enclave-parallel sub-batches requir-
ing reassignment. Since Spider already decomposes workloads
into enclave-parallel execution units, completed sub-batches
remain unaffected while only unfinished fragments are recov-
ered. This significantly reduces recomputation overhead and
improves recovery latency.
C. Capability-Aware Recovery Node Selection
After failure confirmation, Spider dynamically selects the
most suitable recovery node from the remaining active fog
nodes using the existing capability-aware and enclave-aware
scheduling framework:
Frecover = arg min
Fj ∈Falive
SpiderScore(Fj, Bk)(125)
whereF alive denotes the set of active fog nodes that satisfy
scheduling feasibility constraints.
Using the same SpiderScore function for both normal
scheduling and failure recovery ensures consistency between
workload orchestration and recovery operations. The recov-
ery decision therefore remains jointly optimized according
to queue state, enclave availability, EPC pressure, workload
intensity, trust condition, and network latency.
After reassignment, the selected recovery node resumes
execution from the latest preserved workload state rather than
restarting the entire computation pipeline. This minimizes
recovery latency, reduces redundant cryptographic processing,
and improves service continuity under dynamic node failures.
Therefore, under authenticated heartbeat exchange, quorum-
based collaborative failure confirmation, secure delegation
preservation, and capability-aware recovery scheduling, Spider
ensures that failed fog nodes are safely excluded from schedul-
ing while unfinished workloads are securely reassigned with
verifiable state continuity.
Through the integration of decentralized monitoring,
enclave-aware workload preservation, and adaptive recovery
scheduling, Spider provides scalable, resilient, and security-
aware fault tolerance for heterogeneous fog-assisted IIoT
environments.
VI. SECURITYANALYSIS
In this section, we provide a formal security analysis of
Spider under a post-quantum adversarial model. The analysis
covers confidentiality of outsourced IIoT data, bounded policy
privacy, bounded scheduler leakage, deterministic aggregation
correctness, replay resistance, end-to-end integrity and authen-
ticity, and forward secrecy of session-level protection.
A. Security Goals
The security objectives of Spider are summarized as fol-
lows:
•Confidentiality of outsourced IIoT data:An adversary
should learn no information about outsourced IIoT plain-
text contents beyond explicitly modeled leakage.
•Policy privacy up to structural leakage:The adversary
may observe the size and structural form of the access
policy, but not the semantic meaning of attributes.
•Bounded scheduler leakage:Spider should expose only
coarse workload abstractions required for dynamic en-
clave scheduling.
•Deterministic aggregation correctness:The recon-
structed aggregation must contain every valid sub-batch
exactly once while preventing replay, duplication, re-
ordering, or omission.
•Integrity and authenticity:Forged packets, modified ag-
gregation chunks, manipulated chunk manifests, or forged
fog outputs should be rejected except with negligible
probability.
•Forward secrecy of session protection:Compromise of
later protocol states should not reveal previous device-to-
fog session keys or chunk-encryption keys.
•Post-quantum resistance:All guarantees must hold
against quantum polynomial-time adversaries under the
assumed hardness of the underlying post-quantum prim-
itives.
B. Adversarial Model and Trust Assumptions
We consider a quantum polynomial-time adversaryAwith
full control over public communication channels.
The following trust assumptions are adopted.
•TheAttribute Authority (AA)is fully trusted and cor-
rectly generates public parameters and master secret keys.
•Thecloudis honest-but-curious: it stores ciphertexts
faithfully but may attempt to infer information from
encrypted objects and metadata.
•Fog-nodeREE environmentsare fully untrusted and
may attempt replay, duplication, omission, reordering, or
aggregation manipulation attacks.
•TEEsprovide confidentiality and integrity for enclave-
resident code, enclave-local memory, sealed keys, and
enclave-generated authentication tokens.
•The adversary may observe scheduling metadata, en-
crypted chunk counts, chunk lengths, and deterministic
aggregation ordering, but cannot access enclave plain-
texts, master aggregation keys, or enclave authentication
keys.
C. Leakage-Aware Formal Security Model
At epoche, the validated micro-batch is:
Be ={P e,1, . . . , Pe,ne}(126)
where each packet is generated during Phases II–III.
The outsourced encrypted object is:
Ωe = (BID e, epoche, CT AES
e ,D e, CT L-ABE
e , Roote, σe)
(127)

where:
De ={(SubID i,|C i|, AADi, IVi, T agi)}re
i=1 (128)
denotes the authenticated chunk manifest.
Overqepochs:
Hist q ={(M e, Ae,Ω e)}q
e=1 (129)
We define the total leakage profile:
L= (L setup, Lenc, Lsched, Lret)(130)
1) Setup Leakage:
Lsetup(1λ) = (λ,|Ω|, q,|P P|)(131)
reveals only public system parameters and coarse deployment
dimensions.
2) Encryption and Outsourcing Leakage:
VerifyDilithium

pkF N, σ, H(BID∥epoch k ∥CT AES
∥ D k ∥CT L-ABE ∥Root k)

(132)
This leakage exposes only:
•Batch size
•Chunk count
•Chunk lengths
•Policy dimensions
•Ciphertext dimensions
•Coarse timing information
No plaintexts, attribute semantics, aggregation states, ses-
sion keys, enclave secrets, or master aggregation keys are
revealed.
3) Scheduler Leakage:
Lsched(Be) = (Φ(Be), j⋆
e , re)(133)
whereΦ(B e)denotes a coarse workload abstraction,j ⋆
e de-
notes the selected fog node,r e denotes the enclave-parallel
aggregation factor.
The scheduler may observe chunk parallelism throughr e,
but cannot access plaintexts, chunk contents, aggregation
states, or enclave-resident secrets.
4) Retrieval Leakage:
Lret(e, u) = (e,acc(u, e),|M e|)(134)
where:
acc(u, e)∈ {0,1}
indicates policy satisfaction.
5) Total Leakage:
L(Hist q) =

Lsetup,{L enc}q
e=1,{L sched}q
e=1,{L ret}(e,u)∈Qret

(135)
D. Adaptive Leakage-Aware Indistinguishability
Definition 1(Leakage-Aware Security Experiment).
LetΠdenote Spider.
The experiment
ExptLA-IND
Π,A (λ)
proceeds as follows.
1)Setup:
(P P, M SK)←Setup(1 λ)
andP Pis given toA
2)Queries:
•Key Query:
SKu ←KeyGen(M SK, Attr u)
•Outsource Query:
(Me, Ae)7→Ω e
•Retrieve Query:returns decryption or⊥
•Scheduler Query:returns onlyL sched
3)Challenge:The adversary submits:
Hist ⋆
0, Hist⋆
1
such that:
Lenc(Hist ⋆
0) =L enc(Hist ⋆
1)(136)
The challenger samples:
b← {0,1}
and returns challenge ciphertexts generated fromHist ⋆
b.
4)Post-Challenge Queries:The adversary continues ora-
cle access under standard non-triviality restrictions.
5)Guess:The adversary outputsb ′
Definition 2(Leakage-Aware Security).
Spider isL-secure if for all QPT adversariesA:
AdvLA-IND
Π,A (λ) =
Pr[Expt= 1]− 1
2
 ≤negl(λ)(137)
E. Bounded Scheduler Leakage
Lemma 1(Bounded Scheduler Leakage).
The scheduler-visible information:
Lsched(Be) = (Φ(Be), j⋆
e , re)
reveals no plaintext contents, semantic attributes, aggregation
states, session keys, chunk-encryption keys, or enclave-resident
secrets beyond the defined leakage abstraction.
Proof.(1) Workload Abstraction
Let:
Φ :B → C
with:
|C| ≪ |B|
Since:
|{B∈ B: Φ(B) =c}| ≫1

the mapping is many-to-one and non-invertible.
Thus,Φ(B e)reveals only coarse workload properties.
(2) Fog Selection Leakage
The selected fog node:
j⋆
e = arg min
j
f(Ψ(F j),Φ(B e))
depends only on workload abstraction and system state.
Thus:
j⋆
e ⊥(M e, Ae)|L sched
(3) Parallelism Leakage
The enclave parallelism factor:
re =g(Φ(B e),Ψ(E j,k))
depends only on workload abstraction and enclave resources.
Althoughr e exposes chunk-level parallelism, it reveals no
aggregation plaintexts or secret-dependent information.
(4) Secret Independence
The scheduler accesses no enclave-resident secrets:
K master
AES , K(i)
chunk, KS,i, mi, τi
Hence:
Pr[AlearnsX|L sched] = Pr[AlearnsX]
for any secret variableX.
Therefore, scheduler-visible information is bounded by the
defined leakage abstraction.
F . Main Leakage-Aware Security Theorem
Theorem 1(Leakage-Aware Confidentiality of Spider).
Assume:
1)Kyber is IND-CCA secure
2)KDF is a quantum-secure PRF
3)ChaCha20-Poly1305 and AES-GCM are IND-CPA and
INT-CTXT secure
4)Lattice CP-ABE is selectively secure under MLWE
5)Dilithium is EUF-CMA secure
6)The hash function is collision resistant
7)Enclave MAC authentication is existentially unforgeable
8)TEEs provide confidentiality and integrity
Then Spider isL-secure
Proof.We prove security through a sequence of hybrid games.
G0 (Real Game):The adversary receives real encrypted
objectsΩ e.
G1 (Randomize Session Keys):Replace:
KS,i =KDF(H(k kem,i)∥R secret,i ∥ID i)
with uniformly random strings.
Then:
|Pr[G 0]−Pr[G 1]| ≤Adv PRF
KDF (λ)
G2 (Randomize Kyber Secrets):Replace Kyber shared
secrets with random strings.
Then:
|Pr[G 1]−Pr[G 2]| ≤Adv IND-CCA
Kyber (λ)
G3 (Randomize Device AEAD):Replace ChaCha20-
Poly1305 ciphertexts with encryptions of zero plaintexts.
Then:
|Pr[G 2]−Pr[G 3]| ≤Adv AEAD
ChaCha20-Poly1305
G4 (Randomize Aggregation Chunks):Replace all
enclave-generated aggregation chunks:
{(Ci, T agi)}re
i=1
with encryptions of zero chunks under simulated keys.
Then:
|Pr[G 3]−Pr[G 4]| ≤Adv AEAD
AES-GCM
G4.5 (Simulate Aggregation Commitment):Replace:
Roote =H(BID e ∥epoch e ∥r e ∥h (1) ∥ · · · ∥h (re))
with uniformly random strings.
Under collision resistance and enclave MAC unforgeability:
|Pr[G 4]−Pr[G 4.5]| ≤negl(λ)
G5 (Simulate CP-ABE Header):Replace:
CT L-ABE
e
with simulated values generated using only:
(|CT|, ℓ(A e), τ(A e))
Then:
|Pr[G 4.5]−Pr[G 5]| ≤Adv SEL-CPA
L-CP-ABE
G6 (Simulate Signatures):Replace:
σe
with uniformly random strings.
Then:
|Pr[G 5]−Pr[G 6]| ≤Adv EUF-CMA
Dilithium
G7 (Ideal Game):All outputs are generated solely from
leakageL.
Thus:
AdvLA-IND
Π,A ≤Adv PRF
KDF +Adv IND-CCA
Kyber
+Adv AEAD
ChaCha20-Poly1305 +Adv AEAD
AES-GCM
+Adv SEL-CPA
L-CP-ABE +Adv EUF-CMA
Dilithium
+negl(λ)(138)
Since all terms are negligible, Spider isL-secure.

G. Integrity and Authenticity
Theorem 2(End-to-End Integrity and Authenticity).
Assume:
•Device MAC authentication is secure
•ChaCha20-Poly1305 and AES-GCM satisfy INT-CTXT
security
•Enclave MAC authentication is unforgeable
•Dilithium is EUF-CMA secure
•The hash function is collision resistant
Then any QPT adversary that forges valid packets, modifies
aggregation chunks undetected, manipulates chunk manifests,
reorders chunks, duplicates chunks, omits sub-batches, or
produces forged fog outputs succeeds only with negligible
probability.
Proof.Spider provides four-layer integrity protection.
(1) Device Authenticity
Each packet includes:
Authi =M AC KS,i(ID i ∥M etadata i ∥CT i ∥T ag i)
Therefore, successful forgery breaks MAC unforgeability.
(2) Chunk Integrity
Each enclave-generated chunk:
(Ci, T agi)
is protected by AES-GCM authentication.
Any successful ciphertext modification without detection
breaks INT-CTXT security.
(3) Enclave Output Authenticity
Each enclave generates:
τi =M AC KT EE
i
(hi)
Thus:
•Forged chunk metadata
•Fake enclave outputs
•Modified chunk descriptors
require breaking enclave MAC unforgeability.
(4) Aggregation Integrity
Spider computes:
Roote =H(BID e ∥epoch e ∥r e ∥h (1) ∥ · · · ∥h (re))
This commitment binds:
•Deterministic chunk ordering
•Chunk completeness
•Replay resistance
•Duplication resistance
•Omission resistance
Any replay, duplication, omission, or reordering attack
changes:
Roote
and causes verification failure.
(5) Fog Authenticity
Users verify:
VerifypkF N (σe, H(BID e ∥epoch e ∥CT AES
e ∥ D e ∥CT L-ABE
e ∥Root e)).
A valid forgery implies breaking Dilithium EUF-CMA
security.
By union bound:
Advforge
Π,A ≤Adv MAC +Adv INT-CTXT
ChaCha20-Poly1305
+Adv INT-CTXT
AES-GCM +Adv MAC
TEE
+Adv EUF-CMA
Dilithium +negl(λ)(139)
Thus Spider achieves end-to-end integrity and authenticity.
H. Deterministic Aggregation Correctness
Theorem 3(Deterministic Aggregation Correctness).
If:
•All enclave outputs satisfy MAC verification,
•Chunk manifests are valid
•Deterministic orderingOis preserved
•Root ′
e =Root e
then the reconstructed aggregation:
Magg =Mi∈O Mi
contains every valid sub-batch exactly once and is identical
to the enclave-generated aggregation.
Proof.By construction:
[
i
B(i)
e =B e
and:
B(i)
e ∩B (j)
e =∅
Thus every packet appears in exactly one enclave sub-batch.
Deterministic ordering:
O=SortBy(SubID i)
ensures unique reconstruction order.
Since:
Root′
e =Root e
all chunk digests:
h(1), . . . , h(re)
match the original enclave-generated outputs.
Therefore:
•No replay occurred
•No chunk omission occurred
•No duplication occurred
•No reordering occurred
Hence the reconstructed aggregation equals the original
enclave-generated aggregation.

I. Policy Privacy
Theorem 4(Policy Privacy up to Structural Leakage).
Assuming hash collision resistance and selective security of
lattice CP-ABE, the adversary learns only policy dimensions
and structural form, but not attribute semantics.
Proof.Attributes are encoded as:
ID j =H(attr j)
which hides semantic labels.
The ciphertext reveals only:
(ℓ(Ae), τ(A e))
Under selective security of lattice CP-ABE, no additional
attribute information is leaked beyond the permitted structural
leakage.
J. Forward Secrecy of Session and Chunk Protection
Device-to-fog session keys are derived as:
KS,i =KDF(H(k kem,i)∥R secret,i ∥ID i ∥t i ∥ctr i)
(140)
Aggregation chunk keys are derived as:
K(i)
chunk =KDF(K master
AES ∥BID∥SubID i ∥epoch k)
(141)
Assuming KDF pseudorandomness:
•Compromise of one chunk key does not reveal other
chunk keys
•Compromise of later epochs does not reveal prior epochs
•Compromise of one aggregation chunk does not reveal
future aggregation keys
Therefore, Spider preserves forward secrecy for both device-
level session protection and enclave-generated aggregation
encryption.
Theorem 5(Forward Secrecy of Session Keys).
Assume Kyber is IND-CCA secure andKDFis pseudorandom.
Then compromise of later system states does not reveal any
past session key except with negligible probability.
Proof.Leti ⋆ be a completed session. The adversaryAobtains
all transcripts, includingc kem,i⋆, and arbitrarylatersystem
states, but not the decapsulated secretk kem,i⋆ inside the TEE.
In the indistinguishability experiment, the challenger returns
K ⋆ =
(
KS,i⋆ , b= 0,
Uκ, b= 1, b← {0,1}
GameG 0:Real key
KS,i⋆ =KDF(H(k kem,i⋆)∥ · · ·)
GameG 1:Replacek kem,i⋆ withek← {0,1} ℓ:
|Pr[G0]−Pr[G 1]| ≤Adv IND-CCA
Kyber
GameG 2:Replace KDF output withU κ:
|Pr[G1]−Pr[G 2]| ≤Adv PRF
KDF
InG 2,K ⋆ is uniform, soPr[G 2 = 1] = 1
2
Thus,
Advfs
Π,A ≤Adv IND-CCA
Kyber +Adv PRF
KDF ≤negl(λ)
Fresh(c kem,i, ti, ctri)ensures independence across ses-
sions, completing the proof.
VII. EVALUATION
This section presents the evaluation of the scheme by
illustrating the functionality comparison and demonstrating the
experiments conducted for measuring the processing time of
encryption, decryption and load balancing.
A. Computation Cost Analysis
To provide a fair and structured evaluation, we divide the
computation cost analysis into two groups: (i) post-quantum
cryptographic protection schemes and (ii) fog load-balancing
mechanisms. This separation is necessary because existing
works typically focus on either cryptographic protection
or scheduling efficiency, whereas the proposed framework
integrates both aspects.
Experiment Setup:The experiments were conducted on
a host system powered by an Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-10600
CPU @ 3.30 GHz with 11 GiB of allocated system mem-
ory. Within this environment, fog nodes were implemented
using VirtualBox instances to emulate a distributed setting.
To further simulate the Trusted Execution Environment (TEE)
inside each node, QEMU was employed, enabling secure
enclave operations along with memory isolation for protected
execution.
To make the evaluation setting clear, Table III summarizes
the number of tasks, fog nodes, and TEE enclaves used in
each graph. The same fog-node configuration is not used for
all experiments because each graph evaluates a different com-
ponent of the proposed framework. Graphs 1, 3, and 4 focus
on cryptographic latency and therefore use a single-node or
user-side execution setting rather than a distributed fog cluster.
Graph 2 evaluates cache/reuse-aware scheduling by varying
the number of tasks while fixing the number of fog nodes.
Graphs 5 and 6 vary the number of fog nodes to evaluate
inter-node load-balancing scalability under homogeneous and
heterogeneous fog conditions. Graph 7 uses a larger fog cluster
to evaluate recovery latency under node failure. Graphs 8–9
focus on intra-node scheduling inside one fog node with four
TEE enclaves.
1) Post-Quantum Protection Cost Comparison.We compare
our scheme with representative post-quantum protection works
[4], [35], and [36], focusing on key generation, device/edge
encryption, fog-side processing, and user decryption. Table IV
summarizes the notations used in the computation cost analy-
sis.

TABLE II
COMPUTATIONCOSTCOMPARISON
Scheme KeyGen Encrypt (Edge) Encrypt (Fog) Decrypt
[4]
(Nstrict +N flexible + 1)H
+N flexiblePRF
+CD keygen +EpochInit
AES-GCM + (N a + 3)SG
+ (Na + 2)M ulR
+ (Na + 3)Addb +N aH
+M AC gen
M ACver +F M ul R
+Add R +Sign
Device:
M ACver +N strict_usedM ulR
+ (2Nstrict_used + 2)AddR
+H+T decode
+ AES-GCM
Fog:
V er+N flex_usedM ulR
+Add R +M AC gen
[35] O(TKyberKG +T Dil.KG) O(TKyberEnc +T Dil.Sign) – O(TKyberDec)
[36] – O(N 2)
(Chaotic-map Based) – O(N 2)
Ours O(TKyberKG +T L-ABE.Setup) O(TPUF +T KyberEnc
+T ChaChaEnc +T MAC)
O

|Bk|P
j mj
·(T KyberDec +T ChaChaDec)

+O(T AESEnc)
+O

|S|P
j mj
·T L-ABE.Enc

+O(T Dil.Sign +T sched)
O(TL-ABE.Dec +T AESDec)
TABLE III
EXPERIMENTALCONFIGURATIONUSED INEACHEVALUATIONGRAPH
Graph Evaluation Focus Tasks Fog Nodes TEE Enclaves
Graph 1 CP-ABE setup latency – 1 –
Graph 2 Cache reuse at edge gateway 100-2000 5 –
Graph 3 CP-ABE encryption latency at fog node 20 1 –
Graph 4 User decryption latency 20 user-side process –
Graph 5 Homogeneous load-balancing latency 500 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12 –
Graph 6 Heterogeneous fog-node load balancing 500 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12 –
Graph 7 Recovery latency under node failure 500 20 –
Graphs 8–9 Intra-node scheduling and queue diagnosis 500 1 4
Table II presents a comparative analysis of the proposed
scheme against representative approaches, highlighting dif-
ferences in computational complexity, system design, and
scalability.
Scheme [4] incurs relatively high overhead due to its
reliance on lattice-based CP-ABE with fine-grained access
policies. The key generation cost scales with the number of
attributes, while encryption and decryption involve multiple
polynomial operations, Gaussian sampling, and modular arith-
metic. As a result, its computational cost is strongly attribute-
dependent, leading to increased latency, especially in large-
scale deployments. Moreover, authentication and verification
operations are embedded across device and fog layers, further
contributing to the overall processing burden.
Scheme [35] adopts standalone post-quantum cryptographic
primitives, where the computational cost is dominated by
Kyber encapsulation/decapsulation and Dilithium signature
generation. Each operation incurs a constant-time complexity,
i.e.,O(1)per invocation. However, the scheme lacks integrated
access control and distributed processing capabilities, limiting
its scalability and making it less suitable for large-scale IIoT
environments with high data volume and concurrency.
Scheme [36] follows a transformation-based design using
chaotic-map encoding mechanisms. Its computational cost is
dominated by iterative transformation and mapping processes,
resulting in an overall complexity ofO(N 2)for encryption
and decryption. Unlike structured or parallelizable designs,
this quadratic dependence on data size significantly limits
scalability as the dataset grows. Furthermore, the absence of
distributed processing or workload partitioning makes it less
adaptable to dynamic IIoT environments.
In contrast, the proposed scheme achieves a scalable and
efficient computation model by combining lightweight device-
side operations with fog-assisted parallel processing. At the
device layer, the cost is dominated by efficient primitives
such as Kyber encapsulation, ChaCha20-Poly1305 encryption,
and PUF-based authentication, ensuring low overhead suitable
for resource-constrained IIoT devices. At the fog layer, com-
putationally intensive tasks, including batch decryption, CP-
ABE encryption, and signature generation, are offloaded and
parallelized across multiple enclaves.
As shown in Table II, the fog-side complexity is effectively
reduced by a factor proportional to |Bk|P
j mj
for batch processing
and |S|P
j mj
for attribute-based encryption, where|B k|denotes
the batch size and P
j mj represents the total number of
available enclaves. This parallel execution model significantly
lowers processing latency and enables horizontal scalability.
Overall, unlike schemes with attribute-dependent over-
head [4], limited system integration [35], or quadratic data-
dependent complexity [36], the proposed framework provides
a unified, distributed, and scalable computation model that is

TABLE IV
NOTATION FORCOMPUTATIONCOSTANALYSIS
Symbol Description
System Parameters
|F|Number of fog nodes
mj Number of enclaves in fog nodeF j
|S|Number of attributes in access policy
NInput data size
Lattice / CP-ABE Operations
Tpoly Polynomial (NTT-based) operation cost
TPRF Pseudorandom function cost
TL-ABE.Setup CP-ABE setup cost
TL-ABE.Enc CP-ABE encryption cost
TL-ABE.Dec CP-ABE decryption cost
Post-Quantum Primitives
TKyber Kyber encapsulation/decapsulation cost
TDil Dilithium signing/verification cost
Symmetric Operations
TAE AEAD encryption/decryption cost
TMAC MAC generation/verification cost
TPUF PUF evaluation cost
Scheduling (Ours)
Tsched Scheduling overheadP
j mj Total available enclaves
|S|P
j mj
Parallel workload factor
TABLE V
NOTATION FORLOADBALANCINGCOSTANALYSIS
Symbol Description
|F|Number of fog nodes
mj Number of enclaves in fog nodeF j
TNumber of incoming tasks
Nusage Total network traffic volume
|M C|Number of edge/medical centers
PNumber of workload requests/tasks
RNumber of regions
INumber of learning iterations
dAverage neighbor degree
well-suited for large-scale and latency-sensitive IIoT environ-
ments.
2) Load Balancing Cost AnalysisWe analyze the compu-
tational and communication overhead of load balancing mech-
anisms across representative fog/edge scheduling schemes.
Table V summarizes the notations used in this analysis.
Table VI compares the LB strategies and associated costs
of representative schemes. Since the compared works adopt
different architectures, we report dominant scheduling and
communication costs derived from their algorithms.
Existing schemes generally rely on single-level or iterative
scheduling mechanisms with varying computational overhead.
Scheme [22] assigns each incoming task by scanning all
candidate fog nodes and selecting the minimum-latency node,
leading to a scheduling cost ofO(T|F|). Its communica-
tion overhead depends on total network traffic, modeled as
O(Nusage), which grows with system workload and inter-layer
data exchange.
Scheme [37] improves adaptability by combining static
planning and SDN-assisted dynamic control. However, its
scheduling cost is dominated by pairwise coordination and
workload distribution across centers, resulting inO(|M C| 2 +
|M C|+P). The communication overhead scales with task
distribution and inter-node coordination, captured asO(P d).
Scheme [39] adopts a distributed reinforcement learning-
based scheduling mechanism. Its dominant cost arises from
iterative Q-learning across regions, fog nodes, and tasks,
yielding a complexity ofO(RI|F|T). Additionally, communi-
cation overhead is introduced through Q-value sharing among
neighboring regions, modeled asO(RId).
In contrast, the proposed scheme introduces a hierarchical
and adaptive LB mechanism that jointly considers fog nodes
and enclave-level resources. The scheduling complexity is
reduced toO(|F|+ P
j mj), where P
j mj denotes the total
number of enclaves across fog nodes. The communication
overhead follows the same bound, as only lightweight state
information and scheduling decisions are exchanged. This two-
level design enables fine-grained parallelism across enclaves,
significantly improving scalability and reducing bottlenecks
compared to single-level or learning-based approaches.
B. Performance Analysis
This section evaluates the performance of the proposed
scheme in terms of computational overhead and load-balancing
efficiency.
1) Cryptographic and Scheduling Overhead Comparison:
To analyze the cryptographic and scheduling-related overhead
of the proposed framework, we measure the main processing
stages in the secure fog pipeline. The comparison is illustrated
through the following four metrics:
1) CP-ABE Setup Latency
2) Cache/Reuse-aware Scheduling Latency
3) CP-ABE Encryption Cost at Fog Layer
4) CP-ABE Decryption Cost at User side
Fig. 2(a) shows that CP-ABE Setup Latency increases with
the number of attributes for both schemes. Spider has higher
setup latency than [4] because it prepares additional reusable
policy and cryptographic structures for later fog-side process-
ing. Since this cost is incurred only during initialization, the
overhead is acceptable as a one-time preparation cost.
Fig. 2(b) shows that scheduling latency increases as the
number of tasks grows. The no-cache baseline has the high-
est latency, while random cache placement provides limited
improvement. Spider achieves the lowest latency because it
considers reusable policy structures and cryptographic com-
ponents during scheduling, reducing redundant fog-side com-
putation.
Fig. 2(c) compares CP-ABE Encryption Cost at the fog
layer. The latency increases almost linearly with the number
of attributes because larger policies require more CP-ABE
components and polynomial operations. Spider shows slightly
higher or comparable latency compared with [4]. This is
expected because Spider adds TEE-assisted split-phase pro-
cessing, cache/reuse-aware management, and Spider-based fog
orchestration on top of fog-side CP-ABE encryption. However,

TABLE VI
LOADBALANCINGCOSTCOMPARISON
Scheme LB Strategy Scheduling Cost Communication Cost Scalability / Scope
[22] Optimised Load Balancing (OLB)O(T|F|)O(N usage) Single-level
Fog Scheduling
[37] Adaptive SDN-based Load Balancing O(|M C|2 +|M C|+P) O(P d) Multi-tier Edge/Fog
with SDN Controller
[39] Distributed Reinforcement Learning–based
Task Scheduling O(RI|F|T)O(RId) Multi-round Distributed
Learning-based Scheduling
Ours Hierarchical Adaptive
Fog and Enclave Scheduling O

|F|+ P
j mj

O

|F|+ P
j mj
 Two-level Scheduling
Fog Layer and Enclave
(a)CP-ABE Setup Latency
 (b)Cache/Reuse-Aware Scheduling
(c)CP-ABE Encryption Cost at Fog
 (d)CP-ABE Decryption Cost at User
Fig. 2. Computation-cost and Cache-Aware Scheduling performance of the proposed Spider framework
the gap remains small, indicating only moderate fog-side
overhead.
Fig. 2(d) shows the CP-ABE Decryption Cost at User side.
The latency increases with the number of attributes because
more ciphertext components must be evaluated during key
recovery. Spider achieves slightly lower user-side decryption
latency than [4], showing that the additional fog-layer mech-
anisms do not transfer heavy computation to the authorized
user.
Overall, Spider introduces moderate setup and fog-side
encryption overhead, but achieves lower cache/reuse-aware
scheduling latency and slightly lower user-side decryption
cost. Although [4] is already a lightweight quantum-resistant
CP-ABE access-control scheme, Spider provides broader IIoT
and fog-layer functions, including PUF authentication, TEE-
assisted processing, cache/reuse-aware scheduling, and hierar-
chical load balancing, without introducing prohibitive crypto-
graphic overhead.
2) Load-Balancing Performance Analysis:To evaluate the
effectiveness of the proposed load-balancing mechanism, we
measure both inter-node and intra-node scheduling behavior in
the secure fog pipeline. The inter-node evaluation compares
Spider with representative fog/edge load-balancing schemes
from [22], [37] and [39] while the intra-node evaluation uses
OP-TEE QEMU to emulate heterogeneous TEE secure-world
execution contexts. The comparison is illustrated through the
following five metrics:
1) Homogeneous fog-node latency

(a)Homogeneous fog-node latency
(b)Heterogeneous fog-node latency
(c)Intra-node scheduling under OP-TEE heterogeneity
Fig. 3. Load-balancing and recovery performance of the proposed Spider framework under homogeneous, heterogeneous, failure-prone, and OP-TEE-based
intra-node scheduling environments
2) Heterogeneous fog-node latency
3) Intra-node scheduling under OP-TEE heterogeneity
Fig. 3(a) shows the average task-completion latency under a
homogeneous fog-node environment. Since all fog nodes have
similar processing capacity and network delay, the compared
schemes achieve similar latency once the number of fog
nodes becomes sufficient. Spider remains comparable to the
baselines, showing that its additional scheduling logic does
not introduce noticeable overhead when the fog environment
is uniform.
Fig. 3(b) shows the heterogeneous fog-node scenario, where
fog nodes differ in processing capacity, network delay, and
runtime condition. In this case, Spider achieves lower average
task-completion latency than the baselines. This improvement
comes from its capability-aware scheduling model, which
considers node capacity, queue state, network latency, and
secure-processing readiness before assigning tasks.
Fig. 3(c) evaluates intra-node scheduling under OP-TEE
heterogeneity. In this experiment, OP-TEE QEMU is used
to emulate secure-world execution contexts with different
service rates. When the speed spread is small, all methods
perform similarly because the secure execution contexts have
nearly equal capability. As the speed spread increases, Spider
achieves lower latency because it considers both queue state
and secure-world service rate, while Round-Robin and Least-
Queue do not fully capture TEE execution heterogeneity.
Overall, Spider is most beneficial in heterogeneous, TEE-
constrained, and failure-prone fog environments. In homoge-
neous settings, it remains comparable to existing fog-level
scheduling baselines, indicating low scheduling overhead. In

heterogeneous settings, it provides clearer benefits by jointly
considering fog-node capability, queue state, network latency,
secure-world service rate, cache affinity, and failure recovery.
C. Fault-Tolerance and Secure Recovery Evaluation
To evaluate the improved fault-tolerance mechanism of
Spider, we measure recovery behavior under fog-node failures.
This experiment focuses on the effectiveness of group-based
failure detection, quorum-based confirmation, secure delega-
tion capsules, and capability-aware recovery-node selection.
This complements the existing recovery-time evaluation by
isolating the benefit of the newly added decentralized fault-
tolerant recovery mechanism.
1) Experimental Setup:We emulate a heterogeneous fog
environment withN={10,20,30,40,50}fog nodes. Each
fog node hosts multiple TEE enclaves with different service
rates and EPC availability. Validated micro-batches are decom-
posed into enclave-parallel sub-batches, following the Spider
processing model. During execution, a percentage of fog nodes
is randomly failed at runtime, with failure rates varied as:
pf ∈ {5%,10%,15%,20%,25%}
A failure is injected by stopping the selected fog node and
preventing it from sending heartbeat messages. Spider detects
failures using authenticated group-based heartbeat monitoring
and declares a node failed only after quorum confirmation.
Unfinished sub-batches are then reassigned using the existing
SpiderScore-based recovery selection.
2) Compared Fault-Tolerance Baselines:We compare
Spider-FT with the following baselines:
•No Fault-Tolerance: Failed workloads are dropped or
restarted manually.
•Centralized Heartbeat: All fog nodes report heartbeat
messages directly to the MFN. Failed workloads are
reassigned after timeout detection.
•Full Checkpoint Replication: Each workload periodi-
cally replicates full execution state to a backup node.
Recovery resumes from the latest checkpoint but incurs
high synchronization overhead.
•Round-Robin Recovery: Failed workloads are reas-
signed to the next available fog node without considering
capability, enclave state, or EPC pressure.
•Least-Queue Recovery: Failed workloads are reassigned
to the node with the shortest queue, without considering
secure-execution readiness.
•Spider Fault-Tolerance: The proposed mechanism using
group-based heartbeat detection, quorum confirmation,
secure delegation capsules, and SpiderScore-based recov-
ery.
3) Evaluation Metrics:We use the following metrics:
•Failure Detection Time: Time between node failure
injection and confirmed failure declaration.
•Recovery Latency: Time required to resume unfinished
workloads on a recovery fog node.
•Task Completion Ratio: Percentage of workloads suc-
cessfully completed after failures.
•Recomputation Overhead: Amount of repeated process-
ing caused by failure recovery.
•Control-Plane Overhead: Number of heartbeat and
recovery-control messages exchanged.
•False-Positive Rate: Percentage of healthy nodes incor-
rectly declared failed.
4) Expected Results and Analysis:The expected result is
thatSpider Fault-Toleranceachieves lower recovery latency
than centralized heartbeat, round-robin recovery, and least-
queue recovery because unfinished workloads are recovered
at the sub-batch level rather than restarting the whole batch.
This directly follows Spider’s enclave-parallel decomposition,
where completed sub-batches remain valid and only incom-
plete fragments are reassigned.
Compared withFull Checkpoint Replication, Spider-FT
is expected to introduce significantly lower control-plane
overhead because it avoids replicating full enclave memory.
Instead, it preserves only lightweight recovery metadata and
partially processed cryptographic state through the secure
delegation capsule:
Ξk = (ID k, SubID k, P rogk, M etak, CT partial
k , Tk, epochk, σk)
Compared withCentralized Heartbeat, Spider-FT should
reduce monitoring overhead because heartbeat exchange is
localized within bounded-size monitoring groups:
Gi ={F 1, F2, . . . , Fs},3≤s≤7
Thus, the per-node monitoring cost remains bounded byO(s)
rather than depending on the total number of fog nodes.
Quorum-based confirmation further reduces false positives
under transient network delay.
Overall, Spider-FT is expected to provide the best trade-
off among recovery latency, task completion ratio, recom-
putation overhead, and monitoring cost. The improvement
comes from four combined factors: decentralized heartbeat
monitoring, quorum-based failure confirmation, lightweight
secure workload preservation, and capability-aware recovery-
node selection.
VIII. CONCLUSION
This paper proposed Spider, a post-quantum secure and
dynamic load-balanced encryption framework for IIoT data
in fog computing environments. The proposed framework
integrates PUF-based device authentication, Kyber-based post-
quantum key establishment, ChaCha20-Poly1305 authenti-
cated encryption, TEE-assisted secure fog processing, and
lattice-based CP-ABE for fine-grained access control. To
support scalable fog-layer processing, Spider introduces a
hierarchical scheduling model that performs inter-node load
balancing across fog nodes and intra-node scheduling across
secure execution contexts.
The evaluation results show that Spider introduces only
moderate setup and fog-side encryption overhead compared
with a lightweight quantum-resistant CP-ABE baseline. This

overhead is mainly caused by the additional reusable pol-
icy structures, TEE-assisted processing, and fog orchestra-
tion mechanisms. However, Spider reduces cache/reuse-aware
scheduling latency and maintains slightly lower user-side
decryption cost, showing that the additional fog-layer mecha-
nisms do not shift heavy computation to authorized users.
The load-balancing results further demonstrate that Spider
is most beneficial in heterogeneous, TEE-constrained, and
failure-prone fog environments. In homogeneous settings, its
performance remains comparable to existing fog-level schedul-
ing schemes, indicating that the additional scheduling logic
does not introduce significant overhead. In heterogeneous
settings, Spider achieves lower task-completion latency by
considering fog-node capability, queue state, network delay,
secure-world service rate, cache affinity, and failure-aware del-
egation. The OP-TEE QEMU-based intra-node evaluation also
shows that Spider can exploit secure execution heterogeneity
by routing more tasks to faster secure-world contexts instead
of treating all contexts equally.
Overall, Spider provides a practical trade-off between post-
quantum security, fine-grained access control, TEE-assisted
secure processing, and adaptive fog-layer workload orches-
tration. The proposed framework is therefore suitable for
large-scale IIoT environments where secure data sharing, low-
latency processing, and resilience under heterogeneous fog
conditions are required. Future work will extend the prototype
to real hardware-based TEE platforms and evaluate the frame-
work under larger IIoT workloads, stronger failure models,
and realistic industrial network traces.
REFERENCES
[1] S. Fugkeaw, A. Changtor, T. Maneerat, P. Rattanasrisuk, and K. Tang-
tanawirut, “LightPUF-IIoT: A Lightweight PUF-Based Authentication
Scheme With Real-Time Detection of Rogue Devices in Fog-Assisted
IIoT Data Sharing,”IEEE Open Journal of the Computer Society, vol.
6, pp. 1438–1450, 2025, doi: 10.1109/OJCS.2025.3607984.
[2] A. Changtor, T. Maneerat, P. Rattanasrisuk, K. Tangtanawirut, and
S. Fugkeaw, “A Secure and Lightweight IIoT Data Authentication
Using PUF-Based in IoT Fog-Assisted Cloud,” inProc. 2025 17th
International Conference on Knowledge and Smart Technology (KST),
2025, pp. 40–45, doi: 10.1109/KST65016.2025.11003299.
[3] Y . Yang, J. Zhang, X. Liu, and J. Ma, “A Scalable and Auditable Secure
Data Sharing Scheme With Traceability for Fog-Based Smart Logistics,”
IEEE Internet of Things Journal, vol. 10, no. 10, pp. 8603–8617, 2023,
doi: 10.1109/JIOT.2022.3220850.
[4] P. Poomekum, A. Suriyawong, and S. Fugkeaw, “Fine-Grained and
Lightweight Quantum-Resistant Access Control System With Effi-
cient Revocation for IoT Cloud,”IEEE Open Journal of the Com-
munications Society, vol. 6, pp. 8652–8666, 2025, doi: 10.1109/OJ-
COMS.2025.3620094.
[5] R. P. Gupta, C. V orakulpipat, S. Fugkeaw, and A. Witayangkurn, “A
Scalable and Secure Outsourced IoT Electronic Health Records with
Efficient User Revocation Using Fog-Assisted Cloud Model,” inProc.
2024 21st International Joint Conference on Computer Science and
Software Engineering (JCSSE), 2024, pp. 61–67, doi: 10.1109/JC-
SSE61278.2024.10613723.
[6] Z. Wang and Y . Zhou, “Analysis and Evaluation of Intel Software
Guard Extension-Based Trusted Execution Environment Usage in Edge
Intelligence and Internet of Things Scenarios,”Future Internet, vol. 17,
no. 1, Art. no. 32, 2025, doi: 10.3390/fi17010032.
[7] A. Muñoz, R. Ríos, R. Román, and J. López, “A Survey on the
(In)Security of Trusted Execution Environments,”Computers & Secu-
rity, vol. 129, Art. no. 103180, 2023, doi: 10.1016/j.cose.2023.103180.
[8] A. N. Alvi, B. Ali, M. S. Saleh, M. Alkhathami, D. Alsadie, and B.
Alghamdi, “Secure Computing for Fog-Enabled Industrial IoT,”Sensors,
vol. 24, no. 7, Art. no. 2098, 2024, doi: 10.3390/s24072098.
[9] N. Sarwar, R. S. Alharthi, H. M. Mujlid,et al., “Enhancing IoT
Communication in Fog Computing: A Lightweight Remote User Au-
thentication and Key Management Scheme Utilizing ECC,”Journal of
Cloud Computing, vol. 14, Art. no. 86, 2025, doi: 10.1186/s13677-025-
00816-y.
[10] W. B. Daoud, S. Othmen, M. Hamdi,et al., “Fog Computing Net-
work Security Based on Resources Management,”Journal of Wireless
Communications and Networking, vol. 2023, Art. no. 50, 2023, doi:
10.1186/s13638-023-02256-1.
[11] H. Nguyen, S. Huda, Y . Nogami, and T. T. Nguyen, “Security in
Post-Quantum Era: A Comprehensive Survey on Lattice-Based Algo-
rithms,”IEEE Access, vol. 13, pp. 89003–89024, 2025, doi: 10.1109/AC-
CESS.2025.3571307.
[12] A. B. Shahid, K. Mansoor, Y . A. Bangash,et al., “Post-Quantum
Cryptographic Authentication Protocol for Industrial IoT Using Lattice-
Based Cryptography,”Scientific Reports, vol. 16, Art. no. 9582, 2026,
doi: 10.1038/s41598-025-28413-8.
[13] D. C. Lawo, R. Frantz, A. Cano Aguilera, X. Arnal I Clemente, M.
P. Podle ´s, J. L. Imaña, I. Tafur Monroy, and J. J. Vegas Olmos,
“Falcon/Kyber and Dilithium/Kyber Network Stack on Nvidia’s Data
Processing Unit Platform,”IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 38048–38056,
2024, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3374629.
[14] M. A. González de la Torre, I. A. Morales Sandoval, G. T. Freitas
de Abreu, and L. Hernández Encinas, “Post-Quantum Wireless-Based
Key Encapsulation Mechanism via CRYSTALS-Kyber for Resource-
Constrained Devices,”IEEE Access, vol. 13, pp. 66714–66725, 2025,
doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3560023.
[15] L. Cruz-Piris, A. Marín-López, M. Álvarez-Campana, M. Sanz, J. I.
Moreno, and D. Arroyo, “Measuring the Impact of Post Quantum
Cryptography in Industrial IoT Scenarios,”Internet of Things, vol. 34,
Art. no. 101793, 2025, doi: 10.1016/j.iot.2025.101793.
[16] S. Aghapour, K. Ahmadi, M. Anastasova, M. Mozaffari Kermani, and R.
Azarderakhsh, “PUF-Kyber: Design of a PUF-Based Kyber Architecture
Benchmarked on Diverse ARM Processors,”IEEE Transactions on
Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems, vol. 43, no.
12, pp. 4453–4462, 2024, doi: 10.1109/TCAD.2024.3399669.
[17] C. Kim, S. Son, and Y . Park, “A Privacy-Preserving Authentication
Scheme Using PUF and Biometrics for IoT-Enabled Smart Cities,”
Electronics, vol. 14, no. 10, Art. no. 1953, 2025, doi: 10.3390/elec-
tronics14101953.
[18] C. Rubio García, A. Cano Aguilera, C. Stan, J. J. Vegas Olmos, S.
Rommel, and I. Tafur Monroy, “Enhanced Network Security Protocols
for the Quantum Era: Combining Classical and Post-Quantum Cryp-
tography, and Quantum Key Distribution,”IEEE Journal on Selected
Areas in Communications, vol. 43, no. 8, pp. 2765–2781, 2025, doi:
10.1109/JSAC.2025.3568011.
[19] S. Y . Moon, B. H. Jo, A. El Azzaoui, S. K. Singh, and J. H. Park,
“Edge-Fog Enhanced Post-Quantum Network Security: Applications,
Challenges and Solutions,”Computers, Materials & Continua, vol. 84,
no. 1, pp. 25–55, 2025, doi: 10.32604/cmc.2025.062966.
[20] D. Aldossary, E. Aldahasi, T. Balharith, and T. Helmy, “A Systematic
Literature Review on Load-Balancing Techniques in Fog Computing:
Architectures, Strategies, and Emerging Trends,”Computers, vol. 14,
no. 6, Art. no. 217, 2025, doi: 10.3390/computers14060217.
[21] M. H. Kashani and E. Mahdipour, “Load Balancing Algorithms in Fog
Computing,”IEEE Transactions on Services Computing, vol. 16, no. 2,
pp. 1505–1521, 2023, doi: 10.1109/TSC.2022.3174475.
[22] M. Ala’anzy, R. Zhanuzak, R. Akhmedov, N. Mohamed, and J.
Al-Jaroodi, “Dynamic Load Balancing for Enhanced Network Per-
formance in IoT-Enabled Smart Healthcare With Fog Computing,”
IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 188957–188975, 2024, doi: 10.1109/AC-
CESS.2024.3516362.
[23] S. Fugkeaw, S. Rattagool, P. Jiangthiranan, and P. Pholwiset,
“FPRESSO: Fast and Privacy-Preserving SSO Authentication With
Dynamic Load Balancing for Multi-Cloud-Based Web Applications,”
IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 157888–157900, 2024, doi: 10.1109/AC-
CESS.2024.3485996.
[24] X. Yu, M. Zhu, M. Zhu,et al., “A Novel Location-Aware Job Scheduling
Framework for Optimizing Fog-Cloud IoT Systems: Insights From
Dynamic Traffic Management,”Journal of Cloud Computing, vol. 14,
Art. no. 50, 2025, doi: 10.1186/s13677-025-00772-7.

[25] M. Vijarania, S. Gupta, A. Agrawal, M. O. Adigun, S. A. Ajagbe,
and J. B. Awotunde, “Energy Efficient Load-Balancing Mechanism in
Integrated IoT–Fog–Cloud Environment,”Electronics, vol. 12, no. 11,
Art. no. 2543, 2023, doi: 10.3390/electronics12112543.
[26] S. Ijaz, S. G. Ahmad, K. Ayyub,et al., “Energy-Efficient Time and Cost
Constraint Scheduling Algorithm Using Improved Multi-Objective Dif-
ferential Evolution in Fog Computing,”The Journal of Supercomputing,
vol. 81, Art. no. 116, 2025, doi: 10.1007/s11227-024-06550-7.
[27] J. Wan, B. Chen, S. Wang, M. Xia, D. Li, and C. Liu, “Fog Computing
for Energy-Aware Load Balancing and Scheduling in Smart Factory,”
IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics, vol. 14, no. 10, pp. 4548–
4556, 2018, doi: 10.1109/TII.2018.2818932.
[28] J. Singh, P. Singh, E. M. Amhoud, and M. Hedabou, “Energy-Efficient
and Secure Load Balancing Technique for SDN-Enabled Fog Com-
puting,”Sustainability, vol. 14, no. 19, Art. no. 12951, 2022, doi:
10.3390/su141912951.
[29] H. Wang, L. Cai, X. Hao, J. Ren, and Y . Ma, “ETS-TEE: An Energy-
Efficient Task Scheduling Strategy in a Mobile Trusted Computing
Environment,”Tsinghua Science and Technology, vol. 28, no. 1, pp.
105–116, 2023, doi: 10.26599/TST.2021.9010088.
[30] Y . Li, D. Zeng, L. Gu, A. Zhu, Q. Chen, and S. Yu, “PASTO:
Enabling Secure and Efficient Task Offloading in TrustZone-Enabled
Edge Clouds,”IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology, vol. 72, no.
6, pp. 8234–8238, 2023, doi: 10.1109/TVT.2023.3237204.
[31] S. Fugkeaw, R. Prasad Gupta and K. Worapaluk, "Secure and Fine-
Grained Access Control With Optimized Revocation for Outsourced
IoT EHRs With Adaptive Load-Sharing in Fog-Assisted Cloud En-
vironment," in IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 82753-82768, 2024, doi:
10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3412754.
[32] Z. Liu et al., "A Privacy-Preserving Outsourcing Computing Scheme
Based on Secure Trusted Environment," in IEEE Transactions on Cloud
Computing, vol. 11, no. 3, pp. 2325-2336, 1 July-Sept. 2023, doi:
10.1109/TCC.2022.3201401.
[33] Y . Bai, D. He, Z. Yang, M. Luo and C. Peng, "Efficient Module-Lattice-
Based Certificateless Online/Offline Signcryption Scheme for Internet of
Medical Things," in IEEE Internet of Things Journal, vol. 12, no. 14,
pp. 27350-27363, 15 July15, 2025, doi: 10.1109/JIOT.2025.3562262.
[34] W. Zhang, J. Wei and M. K. Khan, "PQC-Enhanced Privacy-Preserving
Federated Learning for Edge-Based IoT Ecosystems," in IEEE Transac-
tions on Consumer Electronics, vol. 71, no. 4, pp. 11171-11182, Nov.
2025, doi: 10.1109/TCE.2025.3601395.
[35] A. N. Zaheer, M. Farhan, M. Rehan Naeem and M. M. Alnfiai,
"Quantum-Resilient Cryptographic Frameworks: Design and Analysis of
Post-Quantum Algorithms for Secure and Efficient Edge-Assisted IoT
Ecosystems in Consumer Electronics Devices," in IEEE Transactions on
Consumer Electronics, vol. 71, no. 4, pp. 11258-11268, Nov. 2025, doi:
10.1109/TCE.2025.3619556.
[36] Z. Man, Z. Yu, J. Yu, C. Gao and X. Meng, "Edge Computing in Internet
of Things: Lattice-Based and Split Encryption for Post-Quantum Data
Security," in IEEE Internet of Things Journal, vol. 12, no. 23, pp. 49327-
49339, 1 Dec.1, 2025, doi: 10.1109/JIOT.2025.3591521.
[37] A. M. Jasim and H. Al-Raweshidy, "An Adaptive SDN-Based Load
Balancing Method for Edge/Fog-Based Real-Time Healthcare Systems,"
in IEEE Systems Journal, vol. 18, no. 2, pp. 1139-1150, June 2024, doi:
10.1109/JSYST.2024.3402156.
[38] R. M. Singh, G. Sikka and L. K. Awasthi, "LBATSM: Load Balancing
Aware Task Selection and Migration Approach in Fog Computing
Environment," in IEEE Systems Journal, vol. 18, no. 2, pp. 796-804,
June 2024, doi: 10.1109/JSYST.2024.3403673.
[39] E. Oustad, "DIST: Distributed Learning-Based Energy-Efficient and
Reliable Task Scheduling and Resource Allocation in Fog Computing,"
in IEEE Transactions on Services Computing, vol. 18, no. 3, pp. 1336-
1351, May-June 2025, doi: 10.1109/TSC.2025.3568255.
[40] M. Maashi, "Elevating Survivability in Next-Gen IoT-Fog-Cloud Net-
works: Scheduling Optimization With the Metaheuristic Mountain
Gazelle Algorithm," in IEEE Transactions on Consumer Electronics, vol.
70, no. 1, pp. 3802-3809, Feb. 2024, doi: 10.1109/TCE.2024.3371774.
[41] D. Kang and H. J. Jo, "TB-Logger: Secure Vehicle Data Logging Method
Using Trusted Execution Environment and Blockchain," in IEEE Access,
vol. 11, pp. 23282-23292, 2023, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3253626.
[42] C. Wang, Y . Deng, Z. Ning, K. Leach, J. Li, S. Yan, Z. He, J. Cao, and F.
Zhang, "Building a Lightweight Trusted Execution Environment for Arm
GPUs," in IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing,
vol. 21, no. 4, pp. 3801-3816, 2024, doi: 10.1109/TDSC.2023.3334277.
[43] J. Zhao, H. Zhu, F. Wang, R. Lu, and H. Li, "SXGB: Secure and Efficient
Vertical Federated XGBoost via Trusted Execution Environments," in
IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing, vol. 23, no.
2, pp. 2275-2288, Mar. 2026, doi: 10.1109/TDSC.2025.3626379.
[44] L. Hak and S. Fugkeaw, "SSL-XIoMT: Secure, Scalable, and
Lightweight Cross-Domain IoMT Sharing With SSI and ZKP Authen-
tication,"IEEE Open Journal of the Computer Society, vol. 6, pp. 714–
725, 2025, doi: 10.1109/OJCS.2025.3570087.

