Enabling Secure Hierarchical Scheduling and
Fault-Tolerant Processing for Post-Quantum IIoT
Data in Fog Computing
Phinnawat Yaemsanguan, Rangsimann Sattayarom, Ratchanon Wongwitutai, Somchart Fugkeaw
Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology, Thammasat University, Thailand
6622770764@g.siit.tu.ac.th, 6622771747@g.siit.tu.ac.th, 6622780268@g.siit.tu.ac.th
Abstract—Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) systems generate massive volumes of latency-sensitive data that increasingly strain cloud and network infrastructures. Although fog
computing enables low-latency processing at the edge, existing
secure fog-assisted IIoT solutions primarily emphasize cryptographic protection while overlooking the efficient orchestration of
security-sensitive workloads across heterogeneous fog resources.
This challenge becomes more pronounced when post-quantum
cryptography and Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) introduce additional computational and resource overhead.
In this paper, we propose Spider, a secure and scalable hierarchical scheduling framework for post-quantum IIoT processing
in fog computing. Spider integrates PUF-based device authentication, Kyber-based key establishment, ChaCha20-Poly1305 data
protection, and lattice-based CP-ABE access control to provide
end-to-end post-quantum security. The framework introduces
hierarchical fog–enclave scheduling that jointly considers node
capability, latency, trust, queue occupancy, and EPC availability for efficient workload placement. Spider further supports
enclave-parallel execution, cryptographic-context reuse, secure
workload delegation, and group-based failure recovery using
authenticated continuation states. Experimental results show
that Spider reduces task-completion latency by up to 35% and
recovery latency by up to 63% compared with representative
approaches. These results demonstrate that Spider provides
secure, resilient, and scalable post-quantum processing for fogassisted IIoT environments.
Index Terms—Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), Fog Computing, Post-Quantum Cryptography (PQC), Lattice-Based CPABE, Dynamic Load Balancing, Trusted Execution Environment
(TEE), Physical Unclonable Function (PUF), Fine-Grained Access
Control.

I. I NTRODUCTION
Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) environments comprise
large numbers of sensors, machines, and controllers that
continuously generate high-volume data streams. As industrial
deployments scale, transmitting raw data directly to centralized
cloud infrastructures introduces significant communication
overhead, network congestion, and processing latency. Fog
computing mitigates these limitations by moving computation
and storage closer to data sources, enabling low-latency processing and more efficient utilization of network resources.
Despite these advantages, securing fog-assisted IIoT systems remains challenging. Industrial data streams must be
authenticated, encrypted, aggregated, and accessed under strict
real-time constraints. Existing fog-assisted security frameworks primarily focus on cryptographic protection and fine-

grained access control, while giving limited attention to the
execution overhead introduced by security mechanisms themselves. In practice, security operations often become a major
performance bottleneck, particularly when large numbers of
IIoT devices simultaneously generate data requiring authentication, encryption, and policy enforcement.
The challenge becomes more pronounced in the postquantum era. Recent studies have demonstrated the feasibility
of deploying lattice-based cryptography, such as CRYSTALSKyber and lattice-based attribute-based encryption, in IoT and
fog environments [?], [?], [?], [?]. However, post-quantum
cryptographic primitives generally impose substantially higher
computational and memory costs than conventional publickey mechanisms. When applied to large-scale IIoT systems,
these costs can increase processing latency, reduce throughput,
and overload resource-constrained fog infrastructures. Existing
research has largely focused on cryptographic construction and
protocol design, while the problem of efficiently executing
post-quantum security workloads across distributed fog resources remains insufficiently explored.
Furthermore, modern fog infrastructures increasingly employ Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) to protect sensitive cryptographic operations and confidential data processing. Although TEEs provide strong isolation guarantees, they
introduce unique resource-management challenges. Enclave
execution is constrained by limited EPC memory, enclave
paging overhead, and secure-context switching costs. Contemporary fog nodes may host multiple concurrent enclaves,
enabling parallel secure execution but simultaneously creating
contention among enclave resources. As workload intensity
increases, improper placement of security-sensitive tasks may
lead to EPC saturation, queue buildup, enclave contention, and
severe performance degradation.
Existing fog load-balancing approaches [?], [?], [?], [?]
primarily optimize latency, energy consumption, or computational utilization under conventional execution environments.
These approaches generally treat each fog node as a single
scheduling entity and do not explicitly consider enclave-level
resource constraints, post-quantum cryptographic overhead,
execution trustworthiness, or secure workload locality. Consequently, they are ill-suited for coordinating security-intensive
workloads in heterogeneous TEE-enabled fog infrastructures.
Therefore, a critical research gap exists in the design of

an integrated scheduling framework capable of jointly managing post-quantum security workloads, enclave resources, and
heterogeneous fog-node capabilities. Such a framework must
dynamically balance workloads across fog nodes while simultaneously orchestrating execution among multiple enclaves
within each node. It must also account for EPC availability, workload urgency, trust conditions, and runtime resource
fluctuations to maintain both security and performance under
dynamic IIoT conditions.
To address these challenges, we propose Spider (Secure
Priority-aware Intelligent Dual-level Enclave Routing), a
hierarchical enclave-aware scheduling framework for postquantum secure fog-assisted IIoT systems. Spider integrates a post-quantum security architecture based on PUFrooted authentication, CRYSTALS-Kyber key establishment,
ChaCha20-Poly1305 data protection, and split-phase latticebased CP-ABE access control. More importantly, Spider introduces a two-level scheduling mechanism that jointly performs inter-node workload orchestration across heterogeneous
fog nodes and intra-node scheduling across multiple parallel
enclaves. Through capability-aware node selection, EPC-aware
scheduling, computation-reuse optimization, enclave-parallel
execution, and secure workload recovery, Spider mitigates
enclave contention and improves secure-processing scalability
for large-scale IIoT environments.
The main contributions of this work are summarized as
follows:
1) Spider: Hierarchical Enclave-Aware Scheduling for
Secure Fog Computing
We propose Spider, a hierarchical scheduling framework that jointly performs stability-aware Master Fog
Node (MFN) coordination, capability-aware fog-node
selection, and EPC-aware enclave scheduling. Unlike
conventional fog schedulers that treat fog nodes as
single execution units, Spider explicitly incorporates
enclave-level resource dynamics, runtime trust, workload urgency, execution locality, and secure delegation
to optimize post-quantum workload placement across
heterogeneous fog infrastructures.
2) Post-Quantum TEE-Assisted Secure Processing Architecture
We design an end-to-end fog-assisted IIoT security
architecture integrating PUF-rooted device authentication, CRYSTALS-Kyber key establishment, ChaCha20Poly1305 data protection, and split-phase latticebased CP-ABE access control. Security-sensitive cryptographic operations are confined to TEEs, while nonsensitive processing is safely offloaded to REEs, enabling scalable and quantum-resistant secure data processing.
3) Secure Micro-Batch Aggregation and EnclaveParallel Execution
We introduce a gateway-assisted validation and deterministic micro-batch processing mechanism that supports authenticated packet filtering, integrity-protected
batch formation, enclave-parallel workload decomposi-

tion, and deterministic aggregation verification. The proposed design reduces repeated cryptographic verification
overhead while enabling scalable secure processing of
high-volume IIoT streams.
4) Decentralized Fault-Tolerant Recovery with Authenticated Continuation States
We develop a decentralized recovery framework based
on collaborative failure detection, quorum-based failure
confirmation, and authenticated continuation states. By
recovering only unfinished enclave-parallel workloads
rather than entire execution contexts, Spider minimizes
recomputation overhead while preserving execution continuity, integrity, and recovery authenticity under fognode failures.
II. R ELATED W ORK
A. Fog-Assisted IIoT Security and TEE-Based Execution
Fog computing has become an important paradigm for
enabling low-latency processing and distributed security services in Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) environments.
Lightweight authentication is commonly achieved through
Physical Unclonable Function (PUF)-based mechanisms. Representative schemes [1], [2] support efficient device authentication and group verification while reducing secret-key storage
requirements. However, these approaches primarily focus on
authentication and message integrity without addressing secure
data sharing or fine-grained access control.
To protect outsourced data, Ciphertext-Policy AttributeBased Encryption (CP-ABE) has been widely adopted. Existing studies [3], [5] provide fine-grained access control and revocation, while [4] further introduces a lattice-based quantumresistant CP-ABE construction. Although these schemes improve confidentiality and policy enforcement, they generally
operate independently of lightweight authentication mechanisms and do not consider runtime execution efficiency.
Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) have been explored
to protect sensitive computation at the edge and fog layers.
Prior studies [6], [7] highlight practical challenges including
enclave-memory limitations, performance overhead, and susceptibility to side-channel attacks. More comprehensive fogsecurity frameworks [8]–[10] incorporate trust management,
authentication, and access control, but do not jointly address
post-quantum protection, TEE-assisted execution, and runtime
workload orchestration. Consequently, existing solutions provide isolated security mechanisms rather than an integrated
framework for secure and efficient fog-assisted IIoT processing.
B. Post-Quantum Cryptography for IIoT Systems
The emergence of quantum computing has motivated
the adoption of post-quantum cryptography (PQC) for
resource-constrained IoT and IIoT environments. Lattice-based
schemes, particularly CRYSTALS-Kyber and CRYSTALSDilithium, have received significant attention due to their

TABLE I
C OMPREHENSIVE F EATURE C OMPARISON OF R ELATED W ORKS AND S PIDER
Scheme
[4]
[5]
[22]
[34]
[35]
[36]
[37]
[39]
[40]
(Ours)

PUF
×
×
×
×
×
×
×
×
×
✓

PQC
✓
×
×
✓
✓
✓
×
×
×
✓

Fine-Grained AC
✓
✓
×
×
×
×
×
×
×
✓

Revocation
✓
✓
×
×
×
×
×
×
×
✓

strong security foundations and practical performance. Existing studies [12], [13] investigate their integration into communication protocols and network stacks, while [14], [15]
evaluate their deployment in IoT and IIoT environments with
respect to execution overhead, bandwidth consumption, and
energy efficiency.
Several works further explore hardware-assisted protection.
For example, [16], [17] combine PUF-based mechanisms with
post-quantum primitives to strengthen device authentication
and reduce reliance on stored secrets. Broader investigations [18], [19] discuss deployment challenges such as cryptoagility, interoperability, and scalability in edge–fog ecosystems.
Despite these advances, existing research primarily focuses
on cryptographic construction, protocol integration, or performance benchmarking. Limited attention has been given to how
post-quantum security workloads should be efficiently executed and scheduled across heterogeneous fog infrastructures,
particularly when TEE-based secure execution is involved.
C. Load Balancing in Heterogeneous Fog Environments
Efficient workload scheduling is essential in fog-assisted
IIoT systems because fog nodes differ significantly in processing capability, memory resources, and network conditions. Existing approaches [22], [24], [25] dynamically allocate workloads according to latency, energy consumption, or resource
utilization, while multi-objective optimization techniques [26]
jointly optimize delay, cost, and energy efficiency.
More recent studies have considered the interaction between
security and scheduling. For example, [27], [28] introduce
secure or energy-aware load-balancing mechanisms for fog
environments. Meanwhile, [29], [30] demonstrate that trusted
execution environments introduce additional runtime overhead
due to enclave transitions, memory constraints, and cryptographic processing. These findings indicate that security mechanisms can significantly influence scheduling performance.
Table I summarizes representative studies. Existing securityoriented schemes [4], [5] provide fine-grained access control
and revocation but do not consider runtime workload management. Conversely, fog load-balancing approaches [22], [37],
[39], [40] improve resource utilization and latency but operate
under conventional execution models and do not account

TEE Support
×
×
×
✓
×
×
×
×
×
✓

Fog/Edge
✓
✓
✓
×
×
×
✓
✓
✓
✓

Load Balancing
×
×
✓
×
✓
×
✓
✓
✓
✓

for post-quantum cryptographic overhead, enclave contention,
EPC pressure, or trust-aware scheduling decisions.
Overall, current research treats security and scheduling as
largely independent problems. To the best of our knowledge,
no existing framework jointly integrates lightweight authentication, post-quantum access control, TEE-assisted secure
execution, and hierarchical enclave-aware scheduling for heterogeneous fog-assisted IIoT environments. This gap motivates
the design of Spider, which explicitly considers both security
overhead and runtime scheduling efficiency when orchestrating
secure workloads across distributed fog resources.
III. O UR P ROPOSED S YSTEM
This section presents Spider, a post-quantum secure fogassisted architecture for IIoT environments. Spider combines
lightweight device authentication, post-quantum cryptographic
protection, TEE-assisted secure processing, and hierarchical
workload scheduling to enable scalable and secure execution
of security-intensive workloads across heterogeneous fog infrastructures.
A. System Model
As illustrated in Fig. 1, Spider adopts a four-layer architecture consisting of the Edge Layer, Fog Layer, Cloud Layer,
and Secure Layer. The central component of the architecture
is the Spider Scheduler, which performs hierarchical workload
orchestration across distributed fog nodes and multiple TEE
enclaves. The architecture consists of the following entities.
1) Attribute Authority (AA) serves as the trusted security
authority responsible for initializing the lattice-based
CP-ABE system, generating public parameters, issuing
attribute secret keys, and defining access-control policies
for authorized users.
2) IIoT Devices are resource-constrained sensors and industrial controllers equipped with Physical Unclonable
Functions (PUFs). Each device performs lightweight
authentication and authenticated encryption before transmitting data toward the fog infrastructure.
3) Edge Gateway (GW) serves as the first aggregation
point between IIoT devices and the fog infrastructure.
It authenticates incoming device transmissions, filters

Fig. 1. Spider-Enabled Fog Computing Architecture for Secure IIoT Data Processing.

invalid or malicious traffic, performs integrity verification, and aggregates validated packets into micro-batches
before forwarding them to the fog layer for secure
processing.
4) Master Fog Node (MFN) acts as the global scheduling
coordinator of Spider. It continuously collects runtime
telemetry from participating fog nodes and executes the
Spider scheduling algorithm. Based on workload characteristics, enclave availability, resource utilization, and
trust conditions, the MFN determines the most suitable
fog node and enclave for processing each workload.
5) Fog Nodes (FNs) are TEE-enabled computing servers
responsible for executing security-sensitive workloads.
Each fog node hosts multiple enclaves that enable
parallel secure execution of cryptographic and dataprocessing tasks. By leveraging multiple enclaves, fog
nodes can improve processing throughput while maintaining strong isolation guarantees for sensitive operations.
Each fog node follows a dual-execution architecture:
TEE Region: Secure execution of cryptographic
operations, key management, aggregation, and sensitive CP-ABE processing.
• REE Region: Execution of non-sensitive tasks such
as policy expansion, metadata management, and
auxiliary processing.
•

6) Spider Scheduler Spider performs hierarchical scheduling at two levels:

Inter-node Scheduling, which selects the most
suitable fog node according to workload demand,
node capability, EPC availability, latency, and trust
condition.
• Intra-node Scheduling, which distributes workloads among multiple enclaves within the selected
fog node to minimize enclave contention and improve secure-processing throughput.
•

To further improve scalability, Spider supports workload
decomposition, computation reuse, and secure delegation when local resources become unavailable.
7) Cloud Storage. The cloud stores encrypted IIoT data,
encrypted aggregation results, and associated metadata.
The cloud is assumed to be honest-but-curious and
therefore cannot access plaintext information.
8) Authorized Users (AUs). Authorized users retrieve
encrypted data from the cloud and perform decryption
only when their attribute sets satisfy the embedded CPABE access policy.
B. Threat Model
We consider a probabilistic polynomial-time (PPT) adversary with full control over public communication channels in
the IIoT environment. The adversary can eavesdrop, intercept,
modify, inject, replay, delay, or drop messages exchanged
among IIoT devices, gateways, fog nodes, and cloud services. In addition, the adversary may compromise software
components outside trusted execution boundaries, manipulate

TABLE II
M AIN N OTATIONS
Notation

Description

λ
q
Ω
IDj
M P K, M SK
SKu
pkGW , skGW
pkF N , skF N
Bk
Φ(Bk )
Fj
Ej,k
Ψ(Fj )
MEP C

Security parameter
Modulus of lattice cryptosystem
Attribute universe
Hashed attribute identifier
CP-ABE public and master secret keys
User attribute secret key
Gateway Kyber public/secret key pair
Fog-node Kyber public/secret key pair
Validated workload batch
Spider workload profile
Fog node
Enclave hosted by fog node Fj
Runtime state of fog node Fj
Available enclave page cache (EPC) memory
Runtime trust score of fog node Fj
Policy cache repository
Cryptographic-context cache repository
Aggregation commitment
Final outsourced object

Uj
Cpolicy
Ccrypto
Rootk
Ωk

Phase I: System Initialization: This phase establishes
the security, communication, and scheduling infrastructure
required by Spider. The objective is to initialize post-quantum
access control, secure communication channels, and the runtime environment for enclave-aware workload orchestration.
Step 1: Security Infrastructure Initialization: The Attribute Authority (AA) initializes the lattice-based CP-ABE
system by defining the attribute universe Ω and generating the
public parameters and master secret key:
(M P K, M SK) ← Setup(1λ , Ω)

To conceal semantic information, each attribute is mapped
to a hashed identifier
IDj = H(attrj )

The proposed scheme operates through seven phases: system initialization, hardware-bound IIoT encryption, gateway
validation and micro-batch formation, capability-aware leader
election, dynamic load balancing, TEE-assisted split-phase
CP-ABE processing, and authorized user decryption. Table II
presents list of notations used in all system phases.

(3)

Step 2: Post-Quantum Communication Initialization: The
gateway and fog nodes establish post-quantum communication
capabilities using CRYSTALS-Kyber:
(pkGW , skGW ), (pkF N , skF N ) ← KeyGenKyber (1λ )

(4)

During registration, each IIoT device establishes a shared
session key
(CTKEM , KS ) ← Encaps(pkGW )

(5)

which is subsequently used to derive communication keys.
To support efficient post-quantum operations, fog nodes
cache reusable lattice structures
Â = NTT(ExpandA(seedF N ))

(6)

Step 3: Spider Infrastructure Initialization: Each fog
node initializes multiple TEE enclaves
Fj = {Ej,1 , . . . , Ej,mj }

(7)

and deploys telemetry monitors to track queue occupancy,
service rate, and EPC availability:
Ψ(Fj ) = (Qj , µj , MEP C )

(8)

An initial trust value
(0)

C. System Process

(2)

Access policies are converted into their LSSS representations and cached for future reuse, while each authorized user
receives an attribute-bound secret key
SKu ← KeyGen(M SK, Attru )

scheduling telemetry, inject malicious workloads, or attempt
unauthorized access to encrypted cloud data.
The adversary may fully compromise the Rich Execution
Environment (REE) of fog nodes, allowing memory inspection
and execution manipulation. However, enclave-resident code,
memory, and sealed secrets remain protected by the Trusted
Execution Environment (TEE). The adversary may also launch
integrity attacks against ciphertexts, metadata, aggregation
outputs, and scheduling states, as well as exploit timing, cache,
or memory-access side channels against TEEs. Furthermore,
we consider a quantum-capable adversary that can break
conventional public-key cryptography, motivating the use of
post-quantum primitives.
Trust Assumptions. The Attribute Authority (AA) is fully
trusted and correctly generates system parameters, access
policies, and attribute secret keys. Cloud storage is assumed
to be honest-but-curious, faithfully storing encrypted data
while attempting to infer information from ciphertexts and
metadata. TEEs are trusted to provide confidentiality and
integrity for enclave-resident code and cryptographic secrets,
whereas REEs are considered untrusted. Authorized users are
assumed to protect their attribute secret keys.
Under these assumptions, Spider aims to ensure confidentiality, integrity, access-control enforcement, scheduling
robustness, and secure execution of post-quantum protected
workloads in heterogeneous fog-assisted IIoT environments.

(1)

Uj

=1

(9)

is assigned to each fog node and updated dynamically during
runtime.
The resulting infrastructure provides the runtime visibility, reusable cryptographic contexts, and enclave resources
required by Spider to perform hierarchical workload placement
and secure parallel execution in subsequent phases.

Phase II: Hardware-Bound IIoT Protection: This phase
establishes device-specific protection for sensed data before it
enters the fog infrastructure. Spider combines hardware-rooted
identity, post-quantum key establishment, and lightweight authenticated encryption to generate integrity-protected packets
suitable for high-throughput IIoT environments.
Step 1: Hardware-Bound Session Key Establishment:
During device registration or session initialization, device IDi
derives a hardware-rooted secret from its Physical Unclonable
Function (PUF). A noisy response is first generated and
subsequently reconstructed into a stable secret:
Rnoisy,i ← fP U F (Ci )

(10)

Rsecret,i ← FuzzyRep(Rnoisy,i , HDi )

(11)

The device then establishes a post-quantum shared secret
with the gateway through Kyber encapsulation:
(CTKEM,i , Kroot,i ) ← Encaps(pkGW )

(12)

The resulting root key is cryptographically bound to the
physical device instance through
Kbase,i = KDF (Kroot,i ∥ Rsecret,i ∥ IDi )

(13)

thereby preventing key transfer across cloned devices.
Step 2: Per-Packet Protection and Authentication: For
each sensed data item mi , the device derives a fresh packet
key
KS,i = KDF (Kbase,i ∥ ti ∥ ctri )
(14)
where ti and ctri denote the packet timestamp and counter,
respectively.
The associated authenticated data is constructed as
AADi = IDi ∥ ti ∥ ctri

(15)

The sensed data is encrypted using ChaCha20-Poly1305:
(CTi , T agi ) ← Enc(KS,i , Ni , mi , AADi )

(17)

and computes
Authi = HMAC (KAuth,i , IDi ∥ CTi ∥ T agi ∥ ti ∥ ctri )
(18)
Step 3: Secure Packet Formation: The protected packet
is constructed as
Pi = {IDi , CTi , Ni , AADi , T agi , Authi , ti , ctri }

KAuth,i = KDF(KS,i , "auth")

(20)

Auth′i = HMAC (KAuth,i , IDi ∥ CTi ∥ T agi ∥ ti ∥ ctri )
(21)
A packet is accepted only if
Auth′i = Authi

(22)

Packets failing verification are discarded immediately, preventing invalid or replayed traffic from entering the fog
infrastructure.
Step 2: Micro-Batch Formation: All validated packets
collected within the aggregation window twindow are grouped
into a micro-batch
Pvalid = {Pi | Auth′i = Authi }

(23)

To ensure batch-level integrity, the gateway computes
GT ag = H (Sort({Authi | Pi ∈ Pvalid }) ∥ tG )

(24)

where tG denotes the gateway timestamp.
The resulting batch is
Bk = (BID, Pvalid , GT ag, tG )

(25)

Step 3: Workload Descriptor Generation: To support
Spider scheduling, the gateway derives a lightweight workload
descriptor from the validated batch:

(16)

To support efficient packet validation, the device derives an
authentication key
KAuth,i = KDF(KS,i , "auth")

Step 1: Packet Validation: For each received packet Pi ,
the gateway reconstructs the packet authentication key and
verifies its integrity:

(19)

The packet is then transmitted to the gateway for validation,
micro-batch formation, and workload generation in Phase III.
Phase III: Gateway Validation and Workload Formation:
This phase performs packet validation, malicious-traffic filtering, and micro-batch construction before workload submission
to Spider. By eliminating invalid packets at the gateway, the
system prevents unnecessary cryptographic processing at the
fog layer and improves the efficiency of subsequent scheduling
decisions.

Φ(Bk ) = (Sk , ωk , ηk , δk )

(26)

where Sk denotes batch size, ωk denotes estimated workload
intensity, ηk denotes security urgency, and δk denotes deadline
sensitivity.
The workload intensity is estimated as
ωk = α1 |Pvalid | + α2 Nattr + α3 Dpolicy

(27)

where Nattr denotes the expected attribute-processing complexity and Dpolicy denotes the policy depth associated with
the target workload.
The pair
(Bk , Φ(Bk ))

(28)

is forwarded to the Master Fog Node (MFN) for capabilityaware and enclave-aware scheduling in Phase IV.
The complete validation and micro-batch formation procedure is summarized in Algorithm 1.

Algorithm 1 Gateway Validation and Workload Formation
Require: Packet stream within window twindow
Ensure: Validated batch Bk and workload profile Φ(Bk )
1: Pvalid ← ∅, M ← ∅, Ndrop ← 0
2: for all Pi in twindow do
3:
KAuth,i ← KDF(KS,i , "auth")
4:
Auth′i ← HMAC(KAuth,i , IDi ∥ CTi ∥ T agi ∥ ti ∥
ctri )
5:
if Auth′i = Authi and (ti , ctri ) is fresh then
6:
Pvalid ← Pvalid ∪ {Pi }
7:
M ← M ∪ {Authi }
8:
else
9:
Ndrop ← Ndrop + 1
10:
end if
11: end for
12: if Pvalid = ∅ then
13:
return ∅
14: end if
15: tG ← GatewayTimestamp()
16: BID ← H(IDGW ∥ tG ∥ |Pvalid |)
17: GT ag ← H(Sort(M) ∥ tG ∥ BID)
18: Bk ← (BID, Pvalid , GT ag, tG )
19: Sk ← |Pvalid |
20: ωk ← α1 Sk + α2 Nattr + α3 Dpolicy
Ndrop
+ γ2 AnomalyFlag(Bk )
21: ηk ← γ1 S +N
k
drop
22: δk ← DeadlineScore(Bk )
23: Φ(Bk ) ← (Sk , ωk , ηk , δk )
24: return (Bk , Φ(Bk ))

Phase IV: Spider Hierarchical Enclave-Aware Scheduling:
Spider (Secure Priority-Aware Intelligent Dual-Level Enclave
Routing) is a hierarchical scheduling framework designed for
secure workload orchestration in heterogeneous fog-assisted
IIoT environments. Unlike conventional fog schedulers that
optimize only node-level resource utilization, Spider addresses
a security-aware workload placement problem in which each
incoming workload must be assigned to both a fog node and
a specific enclave. The objective is to minimize processing
latency and enclave contention while satisfying trust, memory,
and deadline requirements.
Spider is motivated by two observations. First, post-quantum
cryptographic workloads introduce substantial computational
overhead when executed on resource-constrained fog infrastructures. Second, Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs)
suffer from limited Enclave Page Cache (EPC) memory, causing severe performance degradation when enclave contention
or paging occurs. Therefore, Spider jointly optimizes workload
placement, EPC utilization, execution locality, and scheduling
stability through a hierarchical scheduling process that spans
both fog-node and enclave levels.
Step 1: Stability-Aware Master Fog Node Election:
Spider first elects a Master Fog Node (MFN) responsible for
global workload coordination. For each fog node Fj , Spider

computes
ScoreM F N (Fj ) = α1 Cj + α2 Mj − α3 Lj + α4 Tj + α5 Rj ,
(29)
where Cj denotes computational capability, Mj denotes available secure-execution resources, Lj denotes communication
latency, Tj denotes runtime trustworthiness, and Rj denotes
node readiness.
The readiness score is computed as

Rj = 1 − β1 Q̄j + β2 ρepc (Fj ) + β3 ρree (Fj ) ,
(30)
where Q̄j denotes normalized enclave queue occupancy,
ρepc (Fj ) denotes EPC utilization, and ρree (Fj ) denotes REE
backlog.
To prevent leadership oscillation, Spider elects
M F N = arg max (ScoreM F N (Fj ) − γ∆Score(Fj )) , (31)
Fj

where ∆Score(Fj ) captures short-term score variations. Only
nodes satisfying
Rj ≥ τ

(32)

are eligible for election.
The elected MFN continuously coordinates workload
scheduling, resource monitoring, enclave assignment, and recovery operations.
Step 2: Runtime Monitoring and Workload Profiling:
The MFN continuously collects runtime telemetry from participating fog nodes, including queue occupancy, service rate,
EPC availability, computational capability, network latency,
and trust status.
For each validated batch Bk , Spider constructs
Φ(Bk ) = (Sk , ωk , ηk , δk )

(33)

where Sk denotes batch size, ωk denotes workload intensity, ηk
denotes security urgency, and δk denotes deadline sensitivity.
This workload profile enables Spider to distinguish
lightweight tasks from security-intensive post-quantum workloads before scheduling.
Step 3: Capability- and Trust-Aware Fog-Node Selection:
Spider evaluates candidate fog nodes according to waiting
time, communication latency, EPC pressure, computational
capability, runtime trust, and cryptographic-context reuse:
ScoreF (Fj , Bk ) =w1 Twait + w2 Lj + w3 Pepc
+ w4 Pcap + w5 Ptrust − w6 Rreuse

(34)

The destination fog node is selected as
F ∗ = arg min ScoreF (Fj , Bk )
Fj

(35)

Unlike conventional schedulers that primarily consider resource availability, Spider explicitly incorporates EPC pressure, trust status, and execution-locality reuse.

Step 4: EPC-Aware Enclave Selection: After selecting
F ∗ , Spider performs enclave-level scheduling among the TEEs
hosted by the selected fog node.
For each enclave Ej,k
ScoreE (Ej,k , Bk ) = z1 Twait + z2 Pepc − z3 A

Ej,k ∈F

(37)

This dual-level scheduling process simultaneously captures
fog-node heterogeneity and enclave-level execution dynamics.
Step 5: Adaptive Enclave-Parallel Batch Decomposition:
To exploit enclave-level parallelism, Spider dynamically partitions security-intensive workloads into enclave-independent
sub-batches:
(1)
(r)
Bk → {Bk , . . . , Bk }
(38)
where the decomposition factor is determined according to
workload intensity, enclave availability, queue conditions, and
EPC capacity.
Each sub-batch is independently assigned to an available
enclave and processed concurrently.
Step 6: Stability-Aware Scheduling Control: To avoid
scheduling oscillation under bursty workloads, Spider applies
exponential score smoothing:
S j (t) = αs ScoreF (Fj , Bk ) + (1 − αs )S j (t − 1)

(39)

Scheduling updates are performed only when score variations exceed a predefined threshold. This mechanism reduces unnecessary workload migration and improves longterm scheduling stability.
Step 7: Secure Delegation and Recovery Preparation:
If no feasible enclave is available or the selected fog node
becomes overloaded, Spider initiates secure delegation using
a lightweight continuation state
Ξk = (IDk , SubIDk , P rogk , Φ(Bk ), Ak , epochk , Tk ) (40)
where P rogk denotes execution progress and Ak denotes the
associated policy reference.
The remaining workload is estimated as
ωkrem = (1 − P rogk )ωk

epochk = epochcurrent

(41)

GT ag ′ = H(BID ∥ epochk ∥ Bk )

(47)

(48)

where GT ag ′ denotes the recomputed batch tag. The batch is
accepted only if
GT ag ′ = GT ag
(49)
Based on the scheduling decision generated in Phase IV,
Spider either processes the batch directly or partitions it into
enclave-independent sub-batches
(1)

(r)

Bk → {Bk , . . . , Bk }
where the decomposition factor is determined as



ωk
r = min NE ,
ΓE

(50)

(51)

with NE denoting the number of available enclaves and ΓE
representing the maximum sustainable workload per enclave.
Spider guarantees exact-once execution through

(42)

(i)

Bk = Bk

(52)

i=1

and
(i)

(Ks , CTKEM ) ← Encaps(pkF Nr )

(43)

CTdel = EncKs (Ξk ∥ σk )

(44)

(j)

Bk ∩ Bk = ∅,

i ̸= j

(45)

(53)

Each sub-batch is assigned
SubIDi = H(BID ∥ i ∥ epochk )

The delegated state is accepted only if
V erif yP KF N (σk , H(Ξk )) = 1

(46)

where larger values indicate higher recovery priority.
Through stability-aware MFN election, capability-aware
fog-node selection, EPC-aware enclave scheduling, adaptive
workload decomposition, and secure delegation, Spider provides a unified framework for scalable and secure orchestration
of post-quantum workloads in heterogeneous fog-assisted IIoT
environments.
Phase V: Spider-Enabled Multi-Enclave Secure Processing: After Spider determines the destination fog node and
enclave assignment in Phase IV, the workload enters the secure
execution stage. In this phase, we employ enclave-parallel
secure processing, where multiple enclaves cooperatively process independent workload partitions. This design reduces
EPC contention, improves secure-processing throughput, and
prevents a single enclave from becoming a performance bottleneck under high-volume post-quantum IIoT workloads.
Step 1: Secure Batch Reception and Parallel Partitioning:
Upon receiving the validated batch Bk , the fog node first
verifies the gateway integrity commitment. Let

r
[

and protected through Kyber-based encapsulation:

Tk < Texp

Rk = λ1 ωkrem + λ2 ηk + λ3 δk

The continuation state is authenticated by
σk = SignSKF N (H(Ξk ))

∧

To prioritize recovery operations, Spider computes

(36)

where Twait denotes expected waiting time, Pepc denotes EPC
pressure, and A denotes workload affinity.
The selected enclave is
E ∗ = arg min ∗ ScoreE (Ej,k , Bk )

and

and dispatched to enclave E ∗(i)

(54)

Step 2: EPC-Aware Enclave-Parallel Aggregation: Each
enclave independently processes its assigned sub-batch. To
avoid EPC overflow, Spider adopts streaming aggregation
rather than materializing the entire workload inside enclave
memory. The enclave memory footprint is constrained by

Step 4: Split-Phase Post-Quantum Access Protection:
Spider protects the master aggregation key using lattice-based
CP-ABE. Inside the enclave, the master ciphertext component
is generated as

M em(Ei ) ≤ ηMEP C

where P denotes the access policy.
To reduce enclave workload, Spider exports only blinded
policy-expansion components

(55)

where η is a safety factor and MEP C denotes available EPC
capacity.
The aggregation state is updated incrementally as
Sj = H(Sj−1 ∥ mj )

(56)

where mj denotes the decrypted packet payload.
A master aggregation key is generated within the enclave
and used to derive enclave-specific encryption keys
(i)

Kchunk = KDF(Kmaster , BID, SubIDi , epochk )

(57)

The local aggregation output is encrypted as
Ci = EncK (i)

(Mi )

(58)

chunk

and bound to its execution context through
hi = H(BID ∥ SubIDi ∥ Ci ∥ epochk )

(59)

CT0 = EncABE (Kmaster , P)

Ψout = (CT0 , Vbase , T ID)

Sim(Φ(Bk ), Φ(Bx )) ≥ τreuse

(60)

where τreuse denotes the reuse threshold and Φ(·) denotes the
workload profile generated in Phase IV.
Step 3: Deterministic Merge and Execution Commitment:
After enclave execution completes, Spider applies deterministic merge ordering
O = Sort(SubID1 , . . . , SubIDr )

(61)

ensuring identical aggregation results regardless of enclave
execution timing.
The encrypted aggregation object becomes
CTAES =Γi ∈O Ci

(62)

Spider then generates a global execution commitment

Rootk = H BID ∥ epochk ∥ h(1) ∥ · · · ∥ h(r)
(63)
where h(i) denotes the ordered enclave digest.
The commitment serves as both an integrity anchor and
a recovery checkpoint. Any replay, omission, duplication, or
reordering attack results in
Root′k ̸= Rootk

(64)

(66)

to the REE.
The REE performs policy expansion without accessing
Kmaster ,

s,

v

(67)

or any plaintext-sensitive information. Consequently,
P r[REE learns Kmaster ] ≈ 0

(68)

under the underlying lattice-security assumptions.
Step 5: Authenticated Cloud Outsourcing: Finally, Spider signs the encrypted aggregation object together with its
execution commitment:


σ = SignDilithium H(CTAES ∥ CTABE ∥ Rootk ) (69)
The final outsourced object is
Ω = (BID, epochk , CTAES , CTABE , Rootk , σ)

To exploit execution locality, Spider reuses cached policy
structures whenever

(65)

(70)

The cloud accepts the upload only if
V erif yDilithium (pkF N , σ) = 1

(71)

Through enclave-parallel execution, EPC-aware streaming
aggregation, execution-locality reuse, deterministic execution
commitments, and split-phase post-quantum access protection,
Spider transforms secure fog processing from a single-enclave
execution model into a scalable multi-enclave execution framework for large-scale post-quantum IIoT environments.
Phase VI: User Verification and Decryption: An authorized user retrieves the outsourced object
Ωk = (BID, epochk , CTAES , CTABE , Rootk , σ)

(72)

from cloud storage. The objective of this phase is to verify
the authenticity of the outsourced object, recover the protected
aggregation key, validate the enclave-parallel execution commitment, and reconstruct the aggregated IIoT data.
Step 1: Object Authenticity Verification: The user first
verifies the Dilithium signature generated by the fog node:

VerifyDilithium pkF N , σ,H(BID ∥ epochk

∥ CTAES ∥ CTABE ∥ Rootk ) = 1
(73)
If the verification fails, the object is rejected. This step
ensures that the encrypted aggregation object, access-control
ciphertext, and execution commitment have not been modified
after fog-layer processing.

Step 2: Access-Policy Validation and Key Recovery:
The user checks whether its attribute set Attru satisfies the
access policy embedded in CTABE . If the policy is not
satisfied, decryption is aborted. Otherwise, the user derives the
reconstruction coefficients and recovers the master aggregation
key:
Kmaster ← DecABE (CTABE , SKu )
(74)
Only users whose attributes satisfy the CP-ABE policy can
recover Kmaster
Step 3: Execution Commitment Verification: Using the
chunk metadata associated with CTAES , the user parses the
encrypted aggregation into ordered chunks {C1 , . . . , Cr }. For
each chunk, the user recomputes
hi = H(BID ∥ SubIDi ∥ Ci ∥ epochk )

(75)

The user then reconstructs the execution commitment
Root′k = H(BID ∥ epochk ∥ h(1) ∥ · · · ∥ h(r) )

(76)

where h(i) follows the deterministic ordering defined in Phase
V. The object is accepted only if
Root′k = Rootk

(77)

This verification detects replay, omission, duplication, substitution, or reordering of enclave-generated chunks.
Step 4: Chunk-Key Derivation and Parallel Decryption:
For each verified chunk, the user derives the corresponding
chunk key
(i)

Kchunk = KDF(Kmaster , BID, SubIDi , epochk )

(78)

and decrypts
(i)

Mi ← Dec(Kchunk , Ci )

(79)

Since chunk decryption is independent, the user can decrypt
verified chunks in parallel.
Step 5: Deterministic Aggregation Recovery: The decrypted chunks are ordered according to their sub-batch identifiers and concatenated as
Magg = M(1) ∥ M(2) ∥ · · · ∥ M(r)

(80)

Thus, the user recovers the complete aggregated IIoT data
only after signature verification, access-policy satisfaction,
execution-commitment validation, and chunk-level authenticated decryption succeed.
IV. G ROUP -BASED FAILURE D ETECTION AND S ECURE
W ORKLOAD R ECOVERY
To complement Spider scheduling, this section presents
a decentralized failure-detection and recovery mechanism.
Instead of requiring every fog node to continuously report
heartbeat messages to the MFN, Spider partitions fog nodes
into small monitoring groups. This reduces control-plane overhead, avoids centralized monitoring bottlenecks, and enables
fast local failure confirmation.

A. Collaborative Failure Detection
The fog layer is divided into bounded-size monitoring
groups
Gi = {F1 , F2 , . . . , Fs }
(81)
where s is a small constant. Thus, each node monitors only
local peers, and the per-node monitoring overhead remains
O(s) instead of growing with the total number of fog nodes.
At each monitoring interval, node Fj broadcasts an authenticated heartbeat
HBj (t) = (IDj , t, epochj , statusj , σj )

(82)

where statusj contains summarized runtime information and
σj protects heartbeat integrity. A peer marks Fj as suspicious
if
∆tj = tcurrent − tlast (Fj ) > τh
(83)
To reduce false positives caused by transient congestion,
Spider uses quorum-based confirmation. A node is declared
failed only if
lsm
(84)
|Vj | ≥ q, q =
2
where Vj denotes the set of peers reporting timeout violations for Fj . Once confirmed, the failed node is removed from
the active scheduling pool.
B. Secure Recovery from Continuation State
For workloads assigned by Spider, each active sub-batch
maintains a lightweight continuation state generated during
Phase IV:
Ξk = (IDk , SubIDk , P rogk , Φ(Bk ), Ak , epochk , Tk , σk )
(85)
Unlike full enclave checkpointing, Ξk stores only the minimum metadata required to resume execution, including workload identity, sub-batch identity, execution progress, workload
profile, policy reference, epoch, timestamp, and authentication
token. Completed sub-batches remain valid, while only unfinished sub-batches are reassigned.
When a failure is confirmed, Spider computes the remaining
workload
ωkrem = (1 − P rogk )ωk
(86)
and ranks recovery tasks according to
Rk = λ1 ωkrem + λ2 ηk + λ3 δk

(87)

This prioritizes recovery tasks with high remaining cost,
high security urgency, and tight deadlines.
C. Capability-Aware Recovery Scheduling
The recovery node is selected from the active fog-node set
using the same Spider scheduling logic:
Frecover = arg

min

Fj ∈Falive

ScoreF (Fj , Bk )

(88)

After reassignment, the recovery node verifies σk , checks
the freshness of epochk and Tk , and resumes execution

from the preserved continuation state. This prevents stalestate replay, unauthorized recovery injection, and unnecessary
recomputation.
Through local heartbeat monitoring, quorum-based confirmation, authenticated continuation states, and capability-aware
recovery scheduling, Spider provides scalable and secure fault
tolerance for heterogeneous fog-assisted IIoT environments.
V. S ECURITY A NALYSIS
This section analyzes the security of Spider under a
quantum-capable adversarial model. The analysis focuses
on confidentiality, bounded scheduler leakage, access-control
enforcement, integrity, deterministic aggregation correctness,
recovery-state authenticity, and post-quantum resistance.
A. Security Goals and Leakage Model
Spider aims to achieve the following security properties: (i)
confidentiality of outsourced IIoT data (ii) policy privacy up to
structural leakage (iii) bounded scheduler leakage (iv) integrity
and authenticity of packets, chunks, and outsourced objects
(v) deterministic aggregation correctness (vi) post-quantum
resistance
We consider a quantum polynomial-time adversary A that
can observe, modify, replay, delay, or drop public messages.
The cloud is honest-but-curious, REEs are untrusted, and TEEs
are trusted to protect enclave-resident code, memory, sealed
keys, and authentication tokens. The AA is trusted to correctly
generate system parameters and attribute keys.
For epoch e, the outsourced object is
Ωe = (BIDe , epoche , CTeAES , CTeABE , Roote , σe )

(89)

Spider exposes only the leakage profile
L = (Lsetup , Lenc , Lsched , Lret )

(90)

where Lsetup contains public parameters, Lenc contains ciphertext size, batch size, chunk count, and coarse timing information, Lsched contains (Φ(Be ), Fe⋆ , re ), and Lret contains
retrieval epoch and policy-satisfaction result. No plaintext,
session key, aggregation state, chunk key, or enclave-resident
secret is included in L
B. Bounded Scheduler Leakage
Lemma 1 (Bounded Scheduler Leakage). The scheduling
information visible to Spider
Lsched (Be ) = (Φ(Be ), Fe⋆ , re )
reveals only coarse workload and placement information and
does not reveal plaintext contents, semantic attributes, aggregation states, session keys, chunk keys, or enclave secrets.
Proof. The workload profile Φ(Be ) is a many-to-one abstraction of the validated batch and contains only batch size,
workload intensity, security urgency, and deadline sensitivity.
The selected fog node Fe⋆ and decomposition factor re are
computed from Φ(Be ) and runtime resource states, not from
plaintext contents. Since all plaintext processing, key derivation, and aggregation states remain inside TEEs, the scheduler

observes no secret-dependent values. Therefore, scheduler
leakage is bounded by Lsched .
C. Confidentiality of Outsourced Data
Theorem 1 (Leakage-Aware Confidentiality). Assume that
Kyber is IND-CCA secure, the KDF is a quantum-secure
PRF, ChaCha20-Poly1305 and AES-GCM are AEAD-secure,
lattice-based CP-ABE is selectively secure under MLWE, and
TEEs preserve enclave confidentiality. Then Spider reveals no
information about IIoT plaintexts beyond L.
Proof. We prove confidentiality through a sequence of hybrid
games.
Game G0 : The real execution of Spider.
Game G1 : Replace all device session keys
KS,i = KDF(Kbase,i ∥ ti ∥ ctri )
with uniformly random strings. By Kyber IND-CCA security
and KDF pseudorandomness,
IND-CCA
PRF
| Pr[G0 ] − Pr[G1 ]| ≤ AdvKyber
+ AdvKDF

(91)

Game G2 : Replace all ChaCha20-Poly1305 device ciphertexts and AES-GCM aggregation chunks with encryptions of
zero messages of equal length. Then,
AEAD
AEAD
| Pr[G1 ] − Pr[G2 ]| ≤ AdvChaCha20
+ AdvAES

(92)

Game G3 : Replace the CP-ABE ciphertext protecting
Kmaster with a simulated ciphertext generated from policy
structure alone. By selective security of lattice-based CP-ABE,
SEL-CPA
| Pr[G2 ] − Pr[G3 ]| ≤ AdvCP-ABE

(93)

Since plaintext processing, aggregation states, and key
derivation are confined within TEEs, the adversary observes
only
L = (Lsetup , Lenc , Lsched , Lret )
Thus G3 is computationally indistinguishable from an ideal
simulator that generates outputs solely from L. Therefore,
conf
IND-CCA
PRF
AdvΠ,A
≤ AdvKyber
+ AdvKDF
AEAD
AEAD
+ AdvChaCha20
+ AdvAES
SEL-CPA
+ AdvCP-ABE
+ negl(λ)

(94)

Since all terms are negligible, Spider reveals no information
beyond the prescribed leakage profile L
D. Integrity and Authenticity
Theorem 2 (End-to-End Integrity and Authenticity). Assume
HMAC is unforgeable, ChaCha20-Poly1305 and AES-GCM
provide ciphertext integrity, Dilithium is EUF-CMA secure,
and the hash function is collision resistant. Then forged
packets, modified chunks, manipulated commitments, or forged
outsourced objects are accepted only with negligible probability.
Proof. Spider enforces integrity and authenticity through four
sequential protection layers.

(1) Device Packet Authenticity Each packet contains an
authentication tag

and

Authi = HMACKS,i (IDi ∥ M etadatai ∥ CTi ∥ T agi )
(95)
where KS,i is derived from the hardware-bound session key.
Therefore, any adversary that generates a valid forged packet
without knowledge of KS,i breaks HMAC unforgeability.
(2) Enclave Chunk Integrity Each aggregation chunk is
protected by AES-GCM:

Thus, every packet belongs to exactly one enclave sub-batch.
Each sub-batch is assigned a unique identifier SubIDi and
produces an authenticated digest

(i)

(Ci , T agi ) ← AES-GCM.Enc(Kchunk , Mi )

(96)

Any successful modification of Ci or T agi that passes
verification implies breaking the INT-CTXT security of AESGCM.
(3) Aggregation Commitment Integrity Spider binds all
enclave outputs using
Roote = H(BIDe ∥ epoche ∥ h(1) ∥ · · · ∥ h(r) )

(97)

Be(i) ∩ Be(j) = ∅,

i ̸= j

hi = H(BIDe ∥ SubIDi ∥ Ci ∥ epoche )

(103)

(104)

Spider constructs the execution commitment
Roote = H(BIDe ∥ epoche ∥ h(1) ∥ · · · ∥ h(r) )

(105)

where (h(1) , . . . , h(r) ) denotes the digest sequence ordered
according to increasing SubID values.
During retrieval, the user recomputes
Root′e = H(BIDe ∥ epoche ∥ h′(1) ∥ · · · ∥ h′(r) )

(106)

and accepts only if
Root′e = Roote

(107)

where h(i) denotes the digest of the i-th enclave output.
Because the digest sequence is deterministically ordered, any
replay, duplication, omission, substitution, or reordering attack
changes at least one digest or its position, producing

Any omission, duplication, substitution, or reordering of a
sub-batch changes either a digest value or its position in the
ordered sequence, yielding

Root′e ̸= Roote

Root′e ̸= Roote

(98)

except with negligible probability under the collision resistance of H(·)
(4) Fog Output Authenticity The final outsourced object
is signed using Dilithium:

σe = SignskF N H(CTeAES ∥ CTeABE ∥ Roote )
(99)
A forged outsourced object accepted by the verifier implies
a successful EUF-CMA attack against Dilithium.
Combining all layers, the adversarial success probability
satisfies
forge
UF
INT-CTXT
AdvΠ,A
≤ AdvHMAC
+ AdvAES-GCM
CR
EUF-CMA
+ AdvH
+ AdvDilithium
+ negl(λ)

(100)

Since all terms are negligible under the stated assumptions,
forged packets, modified chunks, manipulated commitments,
and forged outsourced objects are accepted only with negligible probability. Therefore, Spider achieves end-to-end integrity
and authenticity.
E. Deterministic Aggregation Correctness
Theorem 3 (Deterministic Aggregation Correctness). If the
execution commitment verifies, then the reconstructed aggregation contains every valid enclave sub-batch exactly once and
in the deterministic order defined by Spider.
Proof. Let the validated batch be
Be = {Be(1) , Be(2) , . . . , Be(r) }

(101)

where Spider performs enclave-parallel decomposition such
that
r
[
Be(i) = Be
(102)
i=1

(108)

except with negligible probability under the collision resistance of H(·)
Therefore, acceptance of the commitment implies that every
valid sub-batch is included exactly once and merged according to the unique deterministic ordering defined by Spider.
Hence, the reconstructed aggregation is complete, unique, and
identical to the aggregation generated by the enclave-parallel
execution process.
F. Policy Privacy and Access-Control Enforcement
Theorem 4 (Policy Privacy and Access-Control Enforcement).
Assuming collision resistance of H and selective security of
the lattice-based CP-ABE scheme, Spider reveals only policy
dimensions and structural information, while only users whose
attributes satisfy the access policy can recover the master
aggregation key.
Proof. For each attribute attrj , Spider computes
IDj = H(attrj )

(109)

and constructs the access structure using only the hashed
identifiers. Under the collision resistance of H, an adversary cannot efficiently recover attribute semantics from the
observed identifiers except with negligible probability.
Let the access policy be represented by the LSSS structure
(M, ρ) embedded in the CP-ABE ciphertext. The adversary
may observe the policy size and structure, denoted by
Lpolicy = (ℓ(M ), τ (M ))

(110)

where ℓ(M ) and τ (M ) represent the dimensions and structural
form of the access matrix. No semantic attribute labels are
revealed.

For access-control enforcement, let Attru denote the attribute set possessed by user u. Decryption succeeds only if
there exists a set of reconstruction coefficients {ωi }i∈I such
that
X
ωi Mi = (1, 0, . . . , 0)
(111)

H. Forward Secrecy of Session and Chunk Keys
Theorem 6 (Forward Secrecy). Assume Kyber is IND-CCA
secure and the KDF is pseudorandom. Compromise of later
protocol states does not reveal previous device session keys or
enclave chunk keys except with negligible probability.

i∈I

where I corresponds to rows whose attributes satisfy the access policy. In this case, the user can reconstruct the protected
secret and recover the master aggregation key.
Conversely, if Attru does not satisfy the access structure, no
valid reconstruction coefficients exist. By the selective-security
property of the lattice-based CP-ABE scheme,
unauth
AdvCP-ABE
(λ) ≤ negl(λ)

(112)

implying that an unauthorized adversary cannot recover the
master aggregation key with non-negligible probability.
Therefore, Spider reveals only policy structural information
while ensuring that only users satisfying the access policy
can decrypt the protected aggregation key and access the
outsourced IIoT data.
G. Secure Delegation and Recovery Authenticity
Theorem 5 (Recovery-State Authenticity). Assume Dilithium
or the employed signature scheme is EUF-CMA secure and
Kyber is IND-CCA secure. Then an adversary cannot forge,
replay, or tamper with a valid continuation state except with
negligible probability.
Proof. For each delegated workload, Spider constructs a continuation state Ξk and authenticates it as

σk = SignSKF N H(Ξk )
(113)

Proof. Device session keys are derived as
KS,i = KDF(Kbase,i ∥ ti ∥ ctri )

(119)

where Kbase,i is obtained from the Kyber shared secret and the
PUF-derived device secret. Similarly, chunk keys are derived
as
(i)

Kchunk = KDF(Kmaster ∥ BID ∥ SubIDi ∥ epochk )
(120)
The inclusion of (ti , ctri ) and (BID, SubIDi , epochk ) ensures domain separation across sessions, chunks, and epochs.
Therefore, for any two distinct keys Ka and Kb
PRF
Ka ̸= Kb =⇒ Pr[Ka ↔ Kb ] ≤ AdvKDF

(121)

Consider a completed session i⋆ . In the security experiment,
replace the underlying Kyber secret used in Kbase,i⋆ with a
uniform random value. By IND-CCA security
IND-CCA
|Pr[G0 ] − Pr[G1 ]| ≤ AdvKyber

(122)

Next, replace the KDF output with a uniformly random
string. Then,
PRF
|Pr[G1 ] − Pr[G2 ]| ≤ AdvKDF

(123)

The delegated state is encrypted under a Kyber-derived
session key:

In G2 , the challenged session key is independent of all later
protocol states, recovered chunk keys, or future epochs. Hence,

(Ks , CTKEM ) ← Encaps(pkF Nr )

(114)

Pr[G2 = 1] =

CTdel = EncKs (Ξk ∥ σk )

(115)

1
2

(124)

Therefore,

A recovery node accepts the delegated state only if
VerifyP KF N (σk , H(Ξk )) = 1

(116)

and
epochk = epochcurrent

∧

Tk < Texp .

(117)

Thus, forging a valid recovery state requires either producing a valid signature on a new Ξk or modifying Ξk
without changing H(Ξk ). The former contradicts EUF-CMA
security, while the latter contradicts collision resistance of
H(·). Replayed states are rejected by the epoch and timestamp
checks. Moreover, the confidentiality of Ξk is reduced to the
IND-CCA security of Kyber.
Therefore,
rec
EUF-CMA
CR
AdvΠ,A
≤ AdvSig
+ AdvH
IND-CCA
+ AdvKyber
+ negl(λ)

(118)

Since all terms are negligible, Spider preserves recoverystate authenticity, freshness, and confidentiality.

FS
IND-CCA
PRF
AdvΠ,A
≤ AdvKyber
+ AdvKDF
+ negl(λ)

(125)

Since both advantages are negligible, compromise of later
protocol states does not reveal previously established device
session keys or enclave chunk keys. Thus, Spider achieves
forward secrecy.
VI. E VALUATION
This section evaluates the effectiveness, scalability, securityprocessing efficiency, and fault-tolerance capabilities of Spider
in heterogeneous fog-assisted IIoT environments. The evaluation consists of four parts: (i) theoretical computation-cost
analysis, (ii) performance evaluation of Spider’s hierarchical
scheduling and enclave-aware execution mechanisms, and (iii)
cryptographic processing overhead. Together, these experiments demonstrate the benefits of integrating post-quantum
security, TEE-assisted processing, enclave-aware scheduling,
and secure workload recovery within a unified framework.

TABLE III
N OTATION U SED IN C OMPLEXITY A NALYSIS
Notation
|F |
mj
P
j mj
T
P
|M C|
R
I
d
Nusage
s

Description
Number of fog nodes
Enclaves in fog node Fj
Total enclaves in the fog layer
Number of workload requests
Number of processing tasks
Number of participating centers
Number of regions
Number of learning iterations
Average neighbor degree
Network traffic volume
Monitoring-group size

A. Theoretical Complexity Analysis
To evaluate the scalability of Spider, we analyze the computational and communication overhead associated with hierarchical scheduling, enclave orchestration, and fault recovery.
Unlike existing approaches that focus solely on fog resource
allocation, Spider jointly considers fog-node selection, enclave
scheduling, secure workload delegation, and recovery coordination in TEE-enabled heterogeneous fog environments.
Table III summarizes the notation used in the complexity analysis, while Table IV compares the scheduling and
communication complexity of representative fog-computing
approaches.
Existing approaches primarily perform single-level scheduling. Scheme [22] scans candidate fog nodes for each task,
resulting in complexity O(T |F |). Scheme [37] employs SDNassisted coordination with complexity O(|M C|2 +|M C|+P ),
while Scheme [39] introduces iterative reinforcement-learning
overhead of O(RI|F |T ).
In contrast, Spider performs hierarchical scheduling across
both fog nodes and enclaves. It first selects a fog node based on
capability, latency, trust, and EPC availability, and then assigns
workloads to suitable enclaves according to queue occupancy
and resource status.
 Consequently, the scheduling complexity
P
O |F | + j mj ,
P
where |F | denotes the number of fog nodes and
j mj
denotes the total number of available enclaves.
Spider further incorporates decentralized failure detection
and recovery. Since heartbeat monitoring is confined to
bounded-size groups, the detection overhead remains O(s),
where s is the monitoring-group size and is independent of
the overall system scale. Recovery reuses the same
hierarchical


P
scheduling mechanism, yielding recovery O |F | + j mj .
The communication complexity follows the same bound
because Spider exchanges only lightweight telemetry and recovery metadata rather than global optimization states. Therefore, Spider achieves scalable scheduling, efficient enclave
utilization, and low-overhead fault recovery in heterogeneous
fog-assisted IIoT environments.
B. Performance Analysis
We conducted a comprehensive experimental evaluation to
assess the effectiveness, scalability, and efficiency of Spider

in heterogeneous fog-assisted IIoT environments. The evaluation focuses on four key aspects: (i) hierarchical scheduling
performance, (ii) enclave-parallel secure processing, (iii) faulttolerant workload recovery, and (iv) cryptographic overhead.
Experimental Setup: The experiments were performed on
a workstation equipped with an Intel Core i5-10600 processor
operating at 3.30 GHz and 16 GB RAM, with 11 GB allocated
to the experimental environment. Fog nodes were deployed
as VirtualBox virtual machines to emulate a distributed fog
infrastructure, while Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs)
were emulated using QEMU to provide enclave isolation and
protected execution.
Spider was implemented using CRYSTALS-Kyber for postquantum key establishment, ChaCha20-Poly1305 for deviceside authenticated encryption, AES-GCM for fog-side aggregation protection, and lattice-based CP-ABE for fine-grained
access control. Unless otherwise specified, the reported results
represent the average of ten independent executions.
The evaluation is organized into three categories. First, we
evaluate Spider’s hierarchical scheduling mechanisms, including MFN coordination, inter-node workload distribution, and
enclave-aware scheduling. Second, we examine the benefits
of enclave-parallel execution and secure workload recovery
under dynamic fog conditions. Finally, we analyze the cryptographic processing overhead associated with the proposed
post-quantum security architecture.
Experiment 1: Inter-Node Scheduling under Homogeneous and Heterogeneous Fog Nodes: This experiment
evaluates the effectiveness of Spider’s inter-node scheduling
mechanism under both homogeneous and heterogeneous fog
environments. The objective is to investigate how capabilityaware, trust-aware, and enclave-aware scheduling influences
task-completion latency when secure post-quantum workloads
are distributed across multiple fog nodes.
The workload is fixed at 2,000 secure processing tasks while
the number of fog nodes varies from 2 to 12. Spider is compared with three representative fog scheduling schemes [22],
[37], [39].
In the homogeneous setting, all fog nodes are configured
with identical processing capability, memory resources, and
network latency. However, runtime conditions may still differ due to dynamic queue occupancy, enclave contention,
EPC pressure, and the availability of reusable cryptographic
contexts. This setting evaluates whether Spider can exploit
secure-execution awareness even when hardware resources are
uniform.
In the heterogeneous setting, fog nodes are assigned different processing capacities, service rates, EPC resources, and
communication latencies to emulate realistic large-scale fog
deployments.
Fig. 2 shows that task-completion latency decreases as
additional fog nodes become available because the workload
can be distributed across a larger pool of execution resources.
Although all nodes possess similar hardware capability, Spider
consistently achieves the lowest latency. The improvement
arises from Spider’s hierarchical scheduling strategy, which

TABLE IV
S CHEDULING AND R ECOVERY C OMPLEXITY C OMPARISON
Scheme
[22]
[37]
[39]
Spider

Scheduling Cost
O(T |F |)
O(|M C|2 + |M C| + P )
|T ) 
O(RI|F
P
O |F | + j mj

Communication Cost
O(Nusage )
O(P d)
O(RId)


P
O |F | + j mj

Failure Detection
–
–
–
O(s)

Fig. 2. Task-completion latency under homogeneous fog nodes.

Fig. 3. Task-completion latency under heterogeneous fog nodes.

jointly considers enclave queue occupancy, EPC availability,
workload affinity, and cryptographic-context reuse. Consequently, secure workloads are distributed more uniformly
across available enclaves, reducing transient resource contention and execution bottlenecks. At 12 fog nodes, Spider
reduces task-completion latency by approximately 22%, 16%,
and 28% compared with Refs. [22], [37], and [39], respectively.
Fig. 3 further demonstrates the effectiveness of Spider
under heterogeneous fog environments. As the number of fog
nodes increases, task-completion latency decreases because
workloads can be distributed across a larger and more diverse
resource pool. Spider consistently achieves the lowest latency
across all deployment sizes. At 12 fog nodes, Spider reduces

Recovery Scheduling
–
–
–


P
O |F | + j mj

Scheduling Scope
Single-level Fog Scheduling
Multi-tier Edge/Fog Scheduling
RL-based Distributed Scheduling
Hierarchical Fog-Enclave Scheduling

Fig. 4. Workload completion time under enclave heterogeneity.

task-completion latency by approximately 23%, 20%, and 31%
compared with Refs. [22], [37], and [39], respectively.
The improvement stems from Spider’s capability-aware
scoring mechanism, which jointly considers processing capability, queue state, EPC pressure, runtime trust, and communication latency. By avoiding resource-constrained or heavily
loaded nodes, Spider achieves more balanced workload distribution and higher resource utilization. Unlike conventional
schedulers that primarily consider node-level resource availability, Spider additionally incorporates enclave-level execution dynamics, enabling more efficient scheduling of secure
post-quantum workloads.
Experiment 2: Intra-Node Scheduling under Enclave
Heterogeneity: This experiment evaluates Spider’s enclavelevel scheduling mechanism within a single fog node. The objective is to investigate whether enclave-aware scheduling can
improve secure-workload execution when multiple enclaves
exhibit different processing capabilities.
A fog node containing four TEE enclaves is considered.
The workload is fixed at 2,000 secure processing tasks. To
emulate enclave heterogeneity, enclave service rates are varied
according to a speed spread ratio
ρ=

max(µi )
min(µi )

where µi denotes the processing rate of enclave Ei . A larger
ρ indicates greater performance disparity among enclaves.
Spider is compared against Round-Robin (RR) scheduling
and Least-Queue (LQ) scheduling. The measured metric is the
total workload completion time required to process all tasks.

Fig. 4 illustrates the impact of enclave heterogeneity on
scheduling performance. When all enclaves exhibit similar
processing capability (ρ = 1), all schemes achieve nearly
identical performance because workload assignment decisions
have minimal impact.
As enclave heterogeneity increases, the performance gap
becomes more pronounced. Round-Robin and Least-Queue
scheduling continue assigning tasks without fully considering
enclave processing capability, resulting in workload accumulation at slower enclaves and increased completion time.
In contrast, Spider jointly considers queue occupancy, enclave service rate, EPC availability, and workload affinity
during enclave selection. Consequently, workloads are preferentially assigned to better-performing enclaves while avoiding
EPC contention and execution bottlenecks.
At ρ = 5, Spider reduces workload completion time by
approximately 19% and 18% compared with Round-Robin and
Least-Queue scheduling, respectively. The performance improvement increases as enclave heterogeneity grows, demonstrating the effectiveness of Spider’s enclave-aware scheduling
mechanism.
Experiment 3: Recovery Latency under Fog-Node Failures: This experiment evaluates the efficiency of Spider’s
secure recovery mechanism under fog-node failures. The objective is to measure how quickly unfinished workloads can
be recovered and reassigned after a node failure occurs.
The number of fog nodes is varied from 10 to 50. Spider
is compared with Centralized Heartbeat (Centralized HB),
Full Checkpoint, Round-Robin Recovery, and Least-Queue
Recovery. Recovery latency is measured as the elapsed time
required to detect a failed node, select a recovery node, restore
the preserved workload state, and resume execution.
Fig. 5 shows that Spider consistently achieves the lowest recovery latency across all deployment sizes. While the baseline
schemes exhibit larger latency fluctuations as the number of
fog nodes increases, Spider remains stable at approximately
32–36 ms. This stability results from decentralized groupbased failure detection and lightweight continuation-state recovery.
Centralized HB suffers from higher recovery latency because failure monitoring and recovery coordination depend
on a central coordinator. Full Checkpoint incurs additional
overhead due to checkpoint restoration. Round-Robin and
Least-Queue recovery may select unsuitable recovery nodes
because they do not jointly consider node capability, EPC
availability, trust condition, and workload continuation state.
In contrast, Spider detects failures through local monitoring
groups and reassigns only unfinished workload fragments
using authenticated continuation states. It also reuses its
capability-aware scheduling score to select suitable recovery
nodes. As a result, Spider avoids full workload restart, reduces
recovery coordination overhead, and maintains low recovery
latency even as the fog infrastructure scales.
Experiment 4: Recovery Latency under Fog-Node Failures: This experiment evaluates the efficiency of Spider’s
secure workload recovery mechanism when fog-node failures

Fig. 5. Recovery latency under fog-node failures.

occur during execution. The objective is to measure the
time required to recover unfinished workloads and resume
processing after a failure.
The workload is fixed at 1,000 secure processing tasks
while the number of fog nodes varies from 10 to 50. A
failure is randomly injected into one active fog node during
execution. Spider is compared with Full Re-execution (FR)
and Checkpoint Recovery (CR). Recovery latency is measured
as the elapsed time between failure detection and successful
workload completion.
Fig. 5 shows that recovery latency increases with the number
of fog nodes due to additional coordination and reassignment
overhead. Spider consistently achieves the lowest recovery
latency across all deployment sizes.
The improvement is achieved because Spider preserves only
lightweight authenticated continuation states and recovers only
unfinished workloads. In contrast, Full Re-execution restarts
all affected tasks, while Checkpoint Recovery incurs additional
checkpoint-management and restoration overhead.
Furthermore, Spider reuses its capability-aware scheduling
mechanism during recovery, enabling efficient reassignment of
unfinished workloads to suitable fog nodes. As a result, Spider
significantly reduces recovery latency while preserving secure
execution continuity under fog-node failures.
Experiment 5: Task Completion Ratio under Increasing
Failure Rates: This experiment evaluates the resilience of
Spider under progressively increasing fog-node failure rates.
The objective is to determine whether Spider can maintain
workload completion despite failures occurring during secure
processing.
The workload is fixed at 1,000 secure processing tasks
and the fog infrastructure consists of 30 fog nodes. The
node failure rate is varied from 5with Full Re-execution (FR)
and Checkpoint Recovery (CR). The performance metric is
the task completion ratio, defined as the percentage of tasks
successfully completed within the specified execution window.
Fig. 6 shows that the task completion ratio decreases for all
schemes as the failure rate increases because more workloads
are interrupted by node failures. Spider consistently maintains
the highest completion ratio across all failure levels. The

Fig. 6. Task completion ratio under increasing failure rates.
Fig. 7. Average encryption latency under cache- and reuse-aware scheduling.

improvement stems from its group-based failure detection
mechanism and lightweight continuation-state recovery strategy, which allow unfinished workloads to be rapidly reassigned and resumed on healthy fog nodes.In contrast, Full
Re-execution suffers the largest reduction in completion ratio
because failed workloads must be restarted from the beginning. Checkpoint Recovery partially mitigates this issue but
still incurs recovery overhead and checkpoint synchronization
delays. As failure rates increase, the advantage of Spider
becomes more pronounced because only incomplete workload
fragments require recovery, while completed enclave tasks
remain unaffected. Consequently, Spider preserves a higher
level of service continuity and workload completion under
adverse operating conditions.
Experiment 6: Effect of Cache- and Reuse-Aware Scheduling: This experiment evaluates the impact of Spider’s cacheand reuse-aware scheduling mechanism. The objective is to
measure whether reusing precomputed policy structures and
cryptographic contexts can reduce redundant fog-side processing under increasing workload volume.
The number of tasks is varied from 100 to 2,000 while
the fog infrastructure is fixed at five fog nodes. Spider is
compared with two baseline strategies: no-cache scheduling
and random cache placement. The measured metric is the
average encryption latency per task.
Fig. 7 shows that the average encryption latency increases
with the number of tasks for all schemes because larger workloads introduce more policy-processing and cryptographic
operations. The no-cache baseline generally incurs the highest latency because each task independently reconstructs the
required policy and cryptographic structures. Random cache
placement provides limited benefit, as cached contexts are not
necessarily aligned with incoming workload characteristics.
Spider achieves slightly lower latency in most workload
settings by incorporating workload affinity and cryptographiccontext reuse into the scheduling decision. Instead of assigning tasks solely according to resource availability, Spider
preferentially routes compatible workloads to fog nodes or
enclaves that already maintain reusable policy representations

or precomputed lattice components.
Although the improvement is moderate, the result confirms
that cache- and reuse-aware scheduling can reduce redundant initialization costs and complement Spider’s hierarchical
scheduling mechanism. This optimization is particularly useful
when repeated workloads share similar access policies or
cryptographic contexts.
VII. C ONCLUSION
This paper presented Spider, a secure and scalable fogassisted IIoT processing framework that integrates postquantum protection, TEE-assisted secure execution, hierarchical enclave-aware scheduling, and resilient workload recovery. Spider combines PUF-based device authentication,
Kyber key establishment, ChaCha20-Poly1305 data protection,
and lattice-based CP-ABE access control to provide end-toend security for outsourced IIoT data. To efficiently manage
security-sensitive workloads, Spider introduces a hierarchical scheduling mechanism that jointly performs fog-node
selection, enclave-level workload placement, adaptive batch
decomposition, and reuse-aware scheduling while considering capability, trust, queue state, and EPC availability. The
framework further incorporates group-based failure detection
and secure workload recovery to maintain execution continuity
under fog-node failures. Experimental results show that Spider
achieves lower scheduling latency, improved load balancing,
efficient CP-ABE processing, and faster recovery compared
with existing approaches, particularly in heterogeneous fog
environments.Future work will investigate adaptive learningbased scheduling, cross-domain fog collaboration, and support
for emerging post-quantum cryptographic primitives to further
improve scalability, security, and deployment flexibility in
large-scale IIoT systems.
R EFERENCES
[1] S. Fugkeaw, A. Changtor, T. Maneerat, P. Rattanasrisuk, and K. Tangtanawirut, “LightPUF-IIoT: A Lightweight PUF-Based Authentication
Scheme With Real-Time Detection of Rogue Devices in Fog-Assisted
IIoT Data Sharing,” IEEE Open Journal of the Computer Society, vol.
6, pp. 1438–1450, 2025, doi: 10.1109/OJCS.2025.3607984.

[2] A. Changtor, T. Maneerat, P. Rattanasrisuk, K. Tangtanawirut, and
S. Fugkeaw, “A Secure and Lightweight IIoT Data Authentication
Using PUF-Based in IoT Fog-Assisted Cloud,” in Proc. 2025 17th
International Conference on Knowledge and Smart Technology (KST),
2025, pp. 40–45, doi: 10.1109/KST65016.2025.11003299.
[3] Y. Yang, J. Zhang, X. Liu, and J. Ma, “A Scalable and Auditable Secure
Data Sharing Scheme With Traceability for Fog-Based Smart Logistics,”
IEEE Internet of Things Journal, vol. 10, no. 10, pp. 8603–8617, 2023,
doi: 10.1109/JIOT.2022.3220850.
[4] P. Poomekum, A. Suriyawong, and S. Fugkeaw, “Fine-Grained and
Lightweight Quantum-Resistant Access Control System With Efficient Revocation for IoT Cloud,” IEEE Open Journal of the Communications Society, vol. 6, pp. 8652–8666, 2025, doi: 10.1109/OJCOMS.2025.3620094.
[5] R. P. Gupta, C. Vorakulpipat, S. Fugkeaw, and A. Witayangkurn, “A
Scalable and Secure Outsourced IoT Electronic Health Records with
Efficient User Revocation Using Fog-Assisted Cloud Model,” in Proc.
2024 21st International Joint Conference on Computer Science and
Software Engineering (JCSSE), 2024, pp. 61–67, doi: 10.1109/JCSSE61278.2024.10613723.
[6] Z. Wang and Y. Zhou, “Analysis and Evaluation of Intel Software
Guard Extension-Based Trusted Execution Environment Usage in Edge
Intelligence and Internet of Things Scenarios,” Future Internet, vol. 17,
no. 1, Art. no. 32, 2025, doi: 10.3390/fi17010032.
[7] A. Muñoz, R. Ríos, R. Román, and J. López, “A Survey on the
(In)Security of Trusted Execution Environments,” Computers & Security, vol. 129, Art. no. 103180, 2023, doi: 10.1016/j.cose.2023.103180.
[8] A. N. Alvi, B. Ali, M. S. Saleh, M. Alkhathami, D. Alsadie, and B.
Alghamdi, “Secure Computing for Fog-Enabled Industrial IoT,” Sensors,
vol. 24, no. 7, Art. no. 2098, 2024, doi: 10.3390/s24072098.
[9] N. Sarwar, R. S. Alharthi, H. M. Mujlid, et al., “Enhancing IoT
Communication in Fog Computing: A Lightweight Remote User Authentication and Key Management Scheme Utilizing ECC,” Journal of
Cloud Computing, vol. 14, Art. no. 86, 2025, doi: 10.1186/s13677-02500816-y.
[10] W. B. Daoud, S. Othmen, M. Hamdi, et al., “Fog Computing Network Security Based on Resources Management,” Journal of Wireless
Communications and Networking, vol. 2023, Art. no. 50, 2023, doi:
10.1186/s13638-023-02256-1.
[11] H. Nguyen, S. Huda, Y. Nogami, and T. T. Nguyen, “Security in
Post-Quantum Era: A Comprehensive Survey on Lattice-Based Algorithms,” IEEE Access, vol. 13, pp. 89003–89024, 2025, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3571307.
[12] A. B. Shahid, K. Mansoor, Y. A. Bangash, et al., “Post-Quantum
Cryptographic Authentication Protocol for Industrial IoT Using LatticeBased Cryptography,” Scientific Reports, vol. 16, Art. no. 9582, 2026,
doi: 10.1038/s41598-025-28413-8.
[13] D. C. Lawo, R. Frantz, A. Cano Aguilera, X. Arnal I Clemente, M.
P. Podleś, J. L. Imaña, I. Tafur Monroy, and J. J. Vegas Olmos,
“Falcon/Kyber and Dilithium/Kyber Network Stack on Nvidia’s Data
Processing Unit Platform,” IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 38048–38056,
2024, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3374629.
[14] M. A. González de la Torre, I. A. Morales Sandoval, G. T. Freitas
de Abreu, and L. Hernández Encinas, “Post-Quantum Wireless-Based
Key Encapsulation Mechanism via CRYSTALS-Kyber for ResourceConstrained Devices,” IEEE Access, vol. 13, pp. 66714–66725, 2025,
doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3560023.
[15] L. Cruz-Piris, A. Marín-López, M. Álvarez-Campana, M. Sanz, J. I.
Moreno, and D. Arroyo, “Measuring the Impact of Post Quantum
Cryptography in Industrial IoT Scenarios,” Internet of Things, vol. 34,
Art. no. 101793, 2025, doi: 10.1016/j.iot.2025.101793.
[16] S. Aghapour, K. Ahmadi, M. Anastasova, M. Mozaffari Kermani, and R.
Azarderakhsh, “PUF-Kyber: Design of a PUF-Based Kyber Architecture
Benchmarked on Diverse ARM Processors,” IEEE Transactions on
Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems, vol. 43, no.
12, pp. 4453–4462, 2024, doi: 10.1109/TCAD.2024.3399669.
[17] C. Kim, S. Son, and Y. Park, “A Privacy-Preserving Authentication
Scheme Using PUF and Biometrics for IoT-Enabled Smart Cities,”
Electronics, vol. 14, no. 10, Art. no. 1953, 2025, doi: 10.3390/electronics14101953.
[18] C. Rubio García, A. Cano Aguilera, C. Stan, J. J. Vegas Olmos, S.
Rommel, and I. Tafur Monroy, “Enhanced Network Security Protocols
for the Quantum Era: Combining Classical and Post-Quantum Cryptography, and Quantum Key Distribution,” IEEE Journal on Selected

Areas in Communications, vol. 43, no. 8, pp. 2765–2781, 2025, doi:
10.1109/JSAC.2025.3568011.
[19] S. Y. Moon, B. H. Jo, A. El Azzaoui, S. K. Singh, and J. H. Park,
“Edge-Fog Enhanced Post-Quantum Network Security: Applications,
Challenges and Solutions,” Computers, Materials & Continua, vol. 84,
no. 1, pp. 25–55, 2025, doi: 10.32604/cmc.2025.062966.
[20] D. Aldossary, E. Aldahasi, T. Balharith, and T. Helmy, “A Systematic
Literature Review on Load-Balancing Techniques in Fog Computing:
Architectures, Strategies, and Emerging Trends,” Computers, vol. 14,
no. 6, Art. no. 217, 2025, doi: 10.3390/computers14060217.
[21] M. H. Kashani and E. Mahdipour, “Load Balancing Algorithms in Fog
Computing,” IEEE Transactions on Services Computing, vol. 16, no. 2,
pp. 1505–1521, 2023, doi: 10.1109/TSC.2022.3174475.
[22] M. Ala’anzy, R. Zhanuzak, R. Akhmedov, N. Mohamed, and J.
Al-Jaroodi, “Dynamic Load Balancing for Enhanced Network Performance in IoT-Enabled Smart Healthcare With Fog Computing,”
IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 188957–188975, 2024, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3516362.
[23] S. Fugkeaw, S. Rattagool, P. Jiangthiranan, and P. Pholwiset,
“FPRESSO: Fast and Privacy-Preserving SSO Authentication With
Dynamic Load Balancing for Multi-Cloud-Based Web Applications,”
IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 157888–157900, 2024, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3485996.
[24] X. Yu, M. Zhu, M. Zhu, et al., “A Novel Location-Aware Job Scheduling
Framework for Optimizing Fog-Cloud IoT Systems: Insights From
Dynamic Traffic Management,” Journal of Cloud Computing, vol. 14,
Art. no. 50, 2025, doi: 10.1186/s13677-025-00772-7.
[25] M. Vijarania, S. Gupta, A. Agrawal, M. O. Adigun, S. A. Ajagbe,
and J. B. Awotunde, “Energy Efficient Load-Balancing Mechanism in
Integrated IoT–Fog–Cloud Environment,” Electronics, vol. 12, no. 11,
Art. no. 2543, 2023, doi: 10.3390/electronics12112543.
[26] S. Ijaz, S. G. Ahmad, K. Ayyub, et al., “Energy-Efficient Time and Cost
Constraint Scheduling Algorithm Using Improved Multi-Objective Differential Evolution in Fog Computing,” The Journal of Supercomputing,
vol. 81, Art. no. 116, 2025, doi: 10.1007/s11227-024-06550-7.
[27] J. Wan, B. Chen, S. Wang, M. Xia, D. Li, and C. Liu, “Fog Computing
for Energy-Aware Load Balancing and Scheduling in Smart Factory,”
IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics, vol. 14, no. 10, pp. 4548–
4556, 2018, doi: 10.1109/TII.2018.2818932.
[28] J. Singh, P. Singh, E. M. Amhoud, and M. Hedabou, “Energy-Efficient
and Secure Load Balancing Technique for SDN-Enabled Fog Computing,” Sustainability, vol. 14, no. 19, Art. no. 12951, 2022, doi:
10.3390/su141912951.
[29] H. Wang, L. Cai, X. Hao, J. Ren, and Y. Ma, “ETS-TEE: An EnergyEfficient Task Scheduling Strategy in a Mobile Trusted Computing
Environment,” Tsinghua Science and Technology, vol. 28, no. 1, pp.
105–116, 2023, doi: 10.26599/TST.2021.9010088.
[30] Y. Li, D. Zeng, L. Gu, A. Zhu, Q. Chen, and S. Yu, “PASTO:
Enabling Secure and Efficient Task Offloading in TrustZone-Enabled
Edge Clouds,” IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology, vol. 72, no.
6, pp. 8234–8238, 2023, doi: 10.1109/TVT.2023.3237204.
[31] S. Fugkeaw, R. Prasad Gupta and K. Worapaluk, "Secure and FineGrained Access Control With Optimized Revocation for Outsourced
IoT EHRs With Adaptive Load-Sharing in Fog-Assisted Cloud Environment," in IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 82753-82768, 2024, doi:
10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3412754.
[32] Z. Liu et al., "A Privacy-Preserving Outsourcing Computing Scheme
Based on Secure Trusted Environment," in IEEE Transactions on Cloud
Computing, vol. 11, no. 3, pp. 2325-2336, 1 July-Sept. 2023, doi:
10.1109/TCC.2022.3201401.
[33] Y. Bai, D. He, Z. Yang, M. Luo and C. Peng, "Efficient Module-LatticeBased Certificateless Online/Offline Signcryption Scheme for Internet of
Medical Things," in IEEE Internet of Things Journal, vol. 12, no. 14,
pp. 27350-27363, 15 July15, 2025, doi: 10.1109/JIOT.2025.3562262.
[34] W. Zhang, J. Wei and M. K. Khan, "PQC-Enhanced Privacy-Preserving
Federated Learning for Edge-Based IoT Ecosystems," in IEEE Transactions on Consumer Electronics, vol. 71, no. 4, pp. 11171-11182, Nov.
2025, doi: 10.1109/TCE.2025.3601395.
[35] A. N. Zaheer, M. Farhan, M. Rehan Naeem and M. M. Alnfiai,
"Quantum-Resilient Cryptographic Frameworks: Design and Analysis of
Post-Quantum Algorithms for Secure and Efficient Edge-Assisted IoT
Ecosystems in Consumer Electronics Devices," in IEEE Transactions on
Consumer Electronics, vol. 71, no. 4, pp. 11258-11268, Nov. 2025, doi:
10.1109/TCE.2025.3619556.

[36] Z. Man, Z. Yu, J. Yu, C. Gao and X. Meng, "Edge Computing in Internet
of Things: Lattice-Based and Split Encryption for Post-Quantum Data
Security," in IEEE Internet of Things Journal, vol. 12, no. 23, pp. 4932749339, 1 Dec.1, 2025, doi: 10.1109/JIOT.2025.3591521.
[37] A. M. Jasim and H. Al-Raweshidy, "An Adaptive SDN-Based Load
Balancing Method for Edge/Fog-Based Real-Time Healthcare Systems,"
in IEEE Systems Journal, vol. 18, no. 2, pp. 1139-1150, June 2024, doi:
10.1109/JSYST.2024.3402156.
[38] R. M. Singh, G. Sikka and L. K. Awasthi, "LBATSM: Load Balancing
Aware Task Selection and Migration Approach in Fog Computing
Environment," in IEEE Systems Journal, vol. 18, no. 2, pp. 796-804,
June 2024, doi: 10.1109/JSYST.2024.3403673.
[39] E. Oustad, "DIST: Distributed Learning-Based Energy-Efficient and
Reliable Task Scheduling and Resource Allocation in Fog Computing,"
in IEEE Transactions on Services Computing, vol. 18, no. 3, pp. 13361351, May-June 2025, doi: 10.1109/TSC.2025.3568255.
[40] M. Maashi, "Elevating Survivability in Next-Gen IoT-Fog-Cloud Networks: Scheduling Optimization With the Metaheuristic Mountain
Gazelle Algorithm," in IEEE Transactions on Consumer Electronics, vol.
70, no. 1, pp. 3802-3809, Feb. 2024, doi: 10.1109/TCE.2024.3371774.
[41] D. Kang and H. J. Jo, "TB-Logger: Secure Vehicle Data Logging Method
Using Trusted Execution Environment and Blockchain," in IEEE Access,
vol. 11, pp. 23282-23292, 2023, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3253626.
[42] C. Wang, Y. Deng, Z. Ning, K. Leach, J. Li, S. Yan, Z. He, J. Cao, and F.
Zhang, "Building a Lightweight Trusted Execution Environment for Arm
GPUs," in IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing,
vol. 21, no. 4, pp. 3801-3816, 2024, doi: 10.1109/TDSC.2023.3334277.
[43] J. Zhao, H. Zhu, F. Wang, R. Lu, and H. Li, "SXGB: Secure and Efficient
Vertical Federated XGBoost via Trusted Execution Environments," in
IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing, vol. 23, no.
2, pp. 2275-2288, Mar. 2026, doi: 10.1109/TDSC.2025.3626379.
[44] L. Hak and S. Fugkeaw, "SSL-XIoMT: Secure, Scalable, and
Lightweight Cross-Domain IoMT Sharing With SSI and ZKP Authentication," IEEE Open Journal of the Computer Society, vol. 6, pp. 714–
725, 2025, doi: 10.1109/OJCS.2025.3570087.

